Despite the national tumult over immigration spilling over, Commissioner Roger Goodell said, “I’m singularly focused on the Super Bowl right now.”
Our critics look at the impact of the HBO show on television as it enters its sixth and final season.
Joined by a cast that includes Edie Falco and Harvey Keitel, Mr. De Niro plays an insult comic in a film that, like its jokes, lacks zing.
Thursday: A meet-and-greet with Staten Island Chuck, bodegas shut in protest, and Prairie Dog Day.
“We swam in that heaving body of aquamarine, and what I remember most is the profound feeling that the ocean water had weight.”
A debut by Alex Eaton-Salners looks both ways.
Whether you’re a football fan or not, what do you like about Super Bowl Sunday?
You just can’t force a neighboring country to pay for your infrastructure.
Whose hand is busy behind the curtain?
Democrats must oppose Neil Gorsuch on principle.
All wars have unintended consequences, including culture wars.
What does it take to live in an extremely cold and remote place?
To help their children get into American universities, Chinese parents have started sending them to U.S. high schools — and paying top dollar to do it.
This dish of savory, sweet-tart tomato sauce folded around soft-scrambled eggs is a taste of home.
What are some of the many ways teenagers — even just one teenager — can improve the world?
Donald Trump’s ban hurts universities and students across the U.S.
President Trump said he planned to repeal the Johnson Amendment, which prohibits churches from engaging in political activity at the risk of losing their tax-exempt status.
To this day, none of the officers responsible have been fired.
In a segment of the meat business widely considered more humane to its animals, there are accusations of mistreatment at a California plant.
Raoul Peck’s documentary is an important introduction to James Baldwin’s work and an advanced seminar in racial politics.
President Trump’s first 10 days in the White House don’t seem as big a whirlwind after reading coverage of President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s first 10.
In a turnabout, the president appeared to embrace decades-long United States policy on what is necessary for a two-state solution.
Tension is building between the administration’s stated goals of weakening the currency and the policies it says it advocates.
Wine may be made in the vineyard, but a huge California trade show suggests it needs a lot of assistance.
In Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, two former roommates at Louisiana State University are trying to redress the city’s lack of gumbo.
When we divide people beyond our borders, we divide ourselves.
A study of amateur players found that frequent ball headers were far more likely to report pain, dizziness and feeling dazed.
A top Obama administration lawyer made an Op-Ed case for Trump’s Supreme Court pick. Editors should have told readers he had clients before the court.
Peter Chelsom’s movie concerns a young human (Asa Butterfield), raised in isolation on Mars, who visits Earth and a video-chat pal (Britt Robertson).
It is grotesque for Trump to dismiss Australia’s stranded refugees as the next “Boston bombers.”
Delivering a baby before 37 weeks of pregnancy is associated with later-life heart problems, even when a woman has no other risk factors.
More expectant mothers are using marijuana, believing it safe. But research suggests it may hurt brain development and reduce birth weight.
A driver collides with a bus and is taken aback by the reaction the accident elicits.
Public pressure may help sway Republican senators determined to push through unfit cabinet nominees.
With far-right groups edging into the mainstream, self-described “anti-fascists” and anarchists are vowing to confront them, even if it means resorting to violence.
Paolo Pasco likes alliteration, a little.
How do you feel about tattooing in general? What is your reaction to the tattoos in this photo?
What are the positive and negative outcomes of Chinese students attending American high schools?
If the Democrats choose a path of obstruction, they will have learned from the best.
The fate of the republic may hinge on how much the president emulates Andrew Jackson.
This isn’t a strategy; it’s a syndrome.
The true American myth is dynamic and universal, yet the countermyth of Trump and Bannon is winning.
Can an app help people heal after a traumatic breakup?
A piece of tofurkey between two slices of frozen bread does not a proper meal make.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
In a dorm for first-generation, low-income students at the University of California, Merced, the undocumented bond over hopes and, of course, fears.
President Trump’s nominee for education secretary faces ridicule and opposition not only from liberal groups, but also from many in the charter school movement.
The presidential candidate François Fillon is in deep trouble over payments to his wife and children. But there is a long history of such cozy arrangements.
This animated documentary tells the story of polar explorer Alfred Wegener, the unlikely scientist behind continental drift theory.
It’s official: Donald Trump overshadows everything. Even the Super Bowl.
Friday: Talking points for your Super Bowl party, weekend events, and the Beatles’ first trip to our town.
Only a few of our books featured minorities as main characters, and only one was a black girl like my daughter.
She got an A from the N.R.A. and defended the tobacco industry, but in opposing President Trump, Kirsten Gillibrand is becoming a heroine of the left.
The answer may depend on what you mean by “good exercise.”
Runners focus on getting to the finish line while completing a food-related feat without tossing their cookies.
Trump’s pick to run the Education Department would trash the public school system in which my son flourished.
What’s the public editor got hatched for her weekend column? And for readers who can’t keep up with all the news, The Times prescribes cute animal videos.
There are many ways to measure the health of the labor market in addition to the best-known one.
Algebra is a stumbling block for many freshmen. But do so many need to be in a remedial class?
Maybe you’re crazy. Probably.
Beginner’s attempts at potato gnocchi usually produce tough, chewy specimens, but most home cooks can find success making a ricotta version.
The actions constituted a broad effort to loosen rules enacted after the financial crisis that restrict the way Wall Street can operate.
A judge in Seattle ordered a nationwide halt to the ban while a Boston court refused to extend a stay. Earlier the State Department said 60,000 visas had been revoked.
If Elena, 14, is sent back to her country, she may be murdered.
These buttery almond cakes don’t need billows of frosting, just a filling of chocolate or cherry.
The latest in a horror franchise that began in Japan, this film fills in the back story of Samara, the girl who kills via VCR.
“The rent is too damn high,” the celebrity chef Tom Colicchio posted on Twitter, announcing the end of the 15-year-old restaurant.
Sign-ups fell significantly in the final weeks, when activity tends to be highest.
Actually, you don’t want the Super Bowl to be close.
Millions watched a comedy show that was canceled when its jokes got too serious.
Mike Pence pulls leash; the president barks.
Tagliabue, the N.F.L.’s commissioner for 17 years, defended the research on brain injuries during his tenure, but the result was denial and silence.
President Trump doesn’t understand or doesn’t care that rolling back financial rules will undercut his pledge to create jobs.
Patrick Berry presents an immaculate construction.
Some economists say volatility has left workers feeling unmoored. Others point to stagnation as a cause.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
The court’s decision against the Justice Department deepened the legal showdown over President Trump’s immigration order.
The board has a responsibility to protect residents with regulations.
Revisiting 1963 and the violence aimed at black voters, as seen through the lens of Claude Sitton, the renowned New York Times correspondent.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon have the last word.
The counternarrative to Trumpism excludes too much of America.
For President Trump, no cause is as compelling as his own.
With Congress seemingly in the president’s pocket, the judiciary is all that stands between the president and constitutional chaos.
If anyone says “stay within the lines,” grab your kid and flee.
The Sphinx of Fifth Avenue skirts the Potomac.
In the conservative media, we conditioned people not to trust facts or mainstream news outlets.
The Times newsroom has long been famous for its many layers of editing, but fundamental change appears likely to come soon.
Canadians, who are proudly multicultural, welcome Syrian and other refugees.
If the president insists on alienating American allies, shouldn’t he at least have a very good reason?
Antonio Conte’s team dominated second-place Arsenal, but much of the season has been built by defeating lesser teams in humdrum games.
Sam Trabucco makes us put on our (pink) thinking caps (with pointy ears).
It turns out, they can’t help themselves. It’s human nature.
The law has changed the health care landscape in ways large and small. Let’s take a survey.
Like Michael Jordan before him, James doesn’t make a move without considering how it will translate into wins. Anthony seems to have a narrower focus.
Andy Hinz snaps at us.
President Trump’s nominee, who is expected to be confirmed this week, knows as well as anyone the legal limits on deregulation.
One thing has become apparent to both the president’s allies as well as his opponents: When it comes to governing, speed does not always guarantee success.
Two strangers share a fleeting connection on a summer morning.
Atomic scientists say that President Trump is the main reason for a worrisome development.
Tom Brady rallied the Patriots from a 28-3 deficit in the second half to defeat the Atlanta Falcons in the first Super Bowl to go into overtime.
There is no shared American ideal. Clashing visions and political conflict are at the core of our national being.
Donald Trump has much to learn from Frederick Douglass.
Making financial predators great again.
The president shouldn’t allow partisan politics to taint deliberations at the council.
A Yemeni college student writes about the effect Trump’s ban on refugees could have on Americans.
In “The Canadians,” photos culled from Canada’s Globe and Mail newspaper archive echo Robert Frank’s epic portrait of that country’s neighbor to the south.
What key elements ensure that students are ready for the transition from high school to college-level work?
In a hyperpartisan news environment, spilled secrets can destabilize those in power — and those in the press.
The city has a population of 8.5 million and a surging tourism trade, which means there is more garbage, in more places than ever before.
At their best, lounges are destinations unto themselves. Here is a primer.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
The approach of returning it to the states appeals to the G.O.P., but it has historically shifted costs more than reducing them.
In a poll, 60 percent of parents said concern about the illness getting worse if the child went to school was very important.
People use the word dizziness when referring to lightheadedness, unsteadiness, motion intolerance, imbalance, floating or a tilting sensation.
Monday: Airport attorneys, symbolic strength on a subway train, and what’s left of Little Syria.
A new study suggests that air pollution may accelerate brain aging and contribute to the progression of dementia.
How did Tom Brady make history when his team won Super Bowl LI?
“Heart science analysis,” as it’s known in Chinese, has gained enormously in popularity.
Two New York Times writers have collaborated on a decidedly bipartisan book of recipes and lore.
Whether you like Tom Brady or not, his performance in the Super Bowl secured his status as the best quarterback of all time.
Are they waiting to figure out how to turn on the lights?
The hordes have grown so huge and unwieldy that many businesses feel they have to manage or curtail them.
The administration said a judge’s order blocking the ban endangers national security. Opponents of the ban said it is a threat to the rule of law.
An exhibition at Mount Vernon and a new book return the spotlight to Ona Judge, who evaded George and Martha Washington’s dogged efforts to recapture her.
The laboratory at Jasper Hill Farm in Vermont is part of a new effort by American producers to better understand the microbial players in their craft.
A new woman in town is really the Greek god Dionysus incarnated as a gardener with a mission in this eco-play at Two River Theater in New Jersey.
A woman is offered an alternative to taking a seat on the subway.
The president tries to discredit federal judges who rule against him, and is threatening America’s constitutional order.
Republicans responded by vowing to keep the Senate in session, day and night, until lawmakers confirm Ms. DeVos and three other cabinet nominees.
Finn Vigeland treats us like royalty.
New Jersey, which has nearly eliminated cash bail, is at the forefront of a movement aimed at a bail system that critics say discriminates against poor defendants.
Native Agency, a new collective, is mentoring a dozen photographers from Africa and Latin America to produce overlooked stories in their countries.
Mr. Bannon, a Catholic, has cultivated strategic alliances with those in Rome who share his view that the pope is a dangerously misguided pontiff.
Uber, Starbucks, Budweiser. These are just a few of the brands that have faced recent consumer boycotts for supposedly political stances.
The conflict was a conflagration fueled by civil strife, colonial tensions and the Cold War.
The unusual problems presented by the first two-and-a-half weeks of the Trump administration.
Those of us who oppose abortion can’t rest on our laurels when so many people — young mothers, hungry families — still need our help.
The building trades unions have chosen solidarity with the president over solidarity with the working class.
Washington will either preserve the world order or destroy it.
Trump’s nominee for health secretary has a history of putting his own finances ahead of taxpayers and patients.
A new company places women in jobs that give them schedule flexibility, which economists say can make a big difference.
After six years in a refugee camp, how does one family find its way to the United States?
Staying up late is hard. Here’s the important stuff that happened in the comedy world after dark, all in one place.
Years after the financial crisis — a disaster that economists were supposed to foresee but didn’t — the field still struggles with its self-conception.
What do people think about a first lady who makes her own choices about her job?
Feminism brought the opposition together. But how long will that last, and how many converts can it win?
Great Bear Lake in Canada is the first Unesco Biosphere Reserve led by an indigenous community. They guard it as if it were the last hope for humanity. They may have a point.
“It’s about forcing us to confront the aesthetic of loss,” a professor says of a film oeuvre that captures colonial-era buildings before they are razed.
Theresa May’s Brexit-buffeted Britain offers a bridge to Trump, but Europe mulls a rampart.
Tuesday: Reporting of hate crimes, the science behind relationships, and the “Oscars of libraries.”
A group of ethicists have expressed concern that China will use the meeting to convince the world that it no longer harvests organs from prisoners.
He Fan of the Supreme People’s Court published a scathing blog post saying the president had breached the principle of an independent judiciary.
Most of you did very well on last week’s quiz. Have you followed the news as closely this week? Take our test and see.
A recent Times story about undocumented students at a California university included detailed, and unnecessary, information about where they live on campus.
With the Atlanta Falcons up 28-3 in Super Bowl 51, a Times reporter was well into writing a story about the team’s domination over the Patriots. And then the improbable happened.
Actually, markets haven’t moved that much.
A refugee couple starts selling baklava and other sweets online, while waiting for word on a stranded son and his family.
A survey finds confusion, particularly among groups most likely to be affected by the repeal of the health law.
The vote on Tuesday was believed to be the first in Senate history in which the vice president was called in to break a tie on a cabinet nomination.
In his new baking column for The New York Times, the chef and cookbook author revels in the joy of a daily treat.
Tucked into their butcher shop, April Bloomfield and Ken Friedman’s latest restaurant is ample reason for an Upper West Side trek.
Adding dextrose to an intravenous saline solution reduced labor time by 76 minutes.
The head of President Trump’s business council doesn’t exactly serve the American worker.
In “Georgie: My Adventures With George Rose,” Ed Dixon recalls the actor’s triumphs in the theater as well as his violent demise.
Efforts to add stalls gain speed as the theater industry awakens to the frustration women face at intermission and to a growing expectation of comfort.
Why did the Democrats fight so hard? The rules of normal pre-Trump politics still applied.
Three federal judges were considering a lower court’s ruling that allowed previously barred travelers and immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries to enter the country.
A woman is suddenly thrust into the delicate business of picking fruit and making change.
The suspension of commando operations in Yemen is a setback for President Trump, who says he wants to take a more aggressive approach against Islamic militants.
Ned White drops by.
Ms. Warren was accused of impugning a peer when she condemned Senator Jeff Sessions’s nomination for attorney general while reading a letter from Coretta Scott King on the Senate floor.
Dorothea Lange’s photographs of Japanese Americans interned during World War 2 capture not only the oppression of a people but also their struggle to retain their dignity.
Do you have a problem with spending? Can you stick to a budget? Do you save? How aware are you of your habits with money in general?
It took a friend, then a lover to help me embrace the part of myself I had deliberately ignored.
It’s increasingly evident that they have no workable plan and might never come up with one.
Our cause is not partisan. It is to defend the pursuit of science, truth and freedom of thought.
When students explore foreign cultures, they learn not just about others, but also about themselves.
Trump made a series of reckless, unconnected promises to get elected, and now he’s just checking off each one.
Our idea would reduce carbon emissions, limit regulatory intrusion, promote economic growth and help working-class Americans.
Will Betsy DeVos keep the best interests of all students in mind when she makes decisions in her job as secretary of education?
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on self-administering an untested therapy, lying to your dementia-afflicted mother and unequal pay.
What professions would you like to see featured in a day-in-the-life article and video?
A young, shackled black man is shot to death — and the police say he killed himself. The resulting investigation has pitted the victim’s father against the most powerful man in New Iberia, La.
The Christian obstetrician on the “religious conversion” that led him to become an abortion provider.
Open yourself to the experience of loving without judgment.
At age 105, Robert Marchand, a French amateur cyclist, is fitter than most 50-year-olds, and appears to be getting fitter with age.
Wednesday: Reactions to a minimum wage boost, unusually warm weather, and summer jobs.
It’s no surprise that adolescents find handy, if sometimes quirky, ways to reset when they are feeling overwhelmed.
White Gold is the first Upper West Side eatery that’s gotten a starred review since the restaurant critic Pete Wells started at The Times.
President Trump escalated his feud with the courts over his travel ban, saying the judges had failed to grasp concepts even “a bad high school student would understand.”
The store, the oldest family-owned tofu and noodle shop in New York, cites increasing competition, a shrinking customer base and a generational shift.
Children whose mothers consumed the most licorice averaged seven points lower on I.Q. tests than those whose mothers ate little or no licorice.
If you’ve used The Times to teach or learn, please tell us what you did, why and how — or take a look at the ideas we’ve published so far.
The Alabama senator survived a near-party-line vote after a racially charged nomination battle that crested with the procedural silencing of Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Using narrative-driven podcasts is an engaging way to model successful techniques for writing — and help students realize they have stories well worth telling too.
Like a teenager who didn’t do the homework, he’s always eager to blame someone else.
Being silenced, or being one of the few women in the room, can be both inhibiting and enraging.
Warner Bros. offers amusement at its own expense and Will Arnett gives great voice to Gotham’s brooder, but this new movie is still a commercial.
The league’s onerous demand in a class-action suit on head injuries seems to show little regard for medical privacy and accepted scientific facts.
A poet recalls a grittier era in New York from the vantage point of a subway station.
Oral arguments on the president’s travel ban reminded America what the rule of law looks like.
Like Phil Jackson and the Knicks, Doc Rivers is at a crossroads with the Clippers. But the troubles of the Clippers are mostly confined to the court.
This two-character play by Tanya Saracho centers on a Mexican-born woman who comes to Los Angeles to work in TV, and an American-born man who identifies as Mexican.
Ross Trudeau makes a debut and turns our world upside down.
The new FX “superhero” series is visually striking, impeccably detailed and emotionally distant.
Immigrants’ rights advocates say a broadened definition of the term “criminal alien” could put a majority of unauthorized immigrants in the United States at risk of deportation.
Showkat Nanda has dedicated himself to documenting how the conflict over Kashmir has affected families whose sons have disappeared without a trace.
What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on front-page headlines in the news right now? What is your opinion of its message?
Read the winners from among about 2,000 entries in my Donald Trump Poetry Contest.
The president doesn’t have respect for separation of powers.
By surviving, African-Americans became far more American than those who withheld the nation’s founding promise.
Wow, nothing worse than a woman who won’t stop talking.
America’s rapidly changing labor market means it’s harder to find economic security at a young age.
There is clear evidence that desegregation improves lives, but the president does not appear to be listening.
The strange soundscapes of an early electronic musician came with a whole philosophy of listening.
Express your affection at home with a simple dish of chicken confit and roasted potatoes.
Zoltan Istvan ran for president with a modest goal in mind: human immortality.
This romance illustrates the struggle for African independence from colonialism, under the shadow of apartheid.
What environmental policies should President Trump and his administration adopt?
President Trump and Mr. Xi, the Chinese leader, spoke by phone on Thursday evening after an extended chill in the two countries’ relationship.
Long in the shadow of Carmel and Monterey, Salinas has become a destination with the Steinbeck Center, wineries and a re-energized downtown.
In parts of New England, the storm was a blizzard, with up to 18 inches of snow. Nine inches fell on Central Park in New York City.
It may, if you do it fast enough.
The lawyer, Crystal Riggins, one of six the university has had on retainer for such cases, spoke out against the process for handling them.
Major League Baseball plans to experiment with a rule change in two rookie leagues this summer, placing a runner on second at the start of extra innings to expedite scoring.
A study posits that Mr. Darcy, Jane Austen’s character in “Pride and Prejudice,” would have looked “more ballet dancer than beefcake” in the 19th century.
The chef and his mother focus on the kind of unshowy, full-flavored dishes that are the running stitch of a Thai childhood.
The debut of Michael Barbaro’s “The Daily” audio show is a reminder that The Times has been broadcasting the news for 76 years.
Ideas and resources for pairing the themes of “1984” with what’s happening in the world today.
Making it more expensive to exit business relationships also makes companies more reluctant to enter them.
This sequel is an altogether more solemn affair than the original, weighed down by the philosophy that more is always more.
Will moviegoers want to surrender control to this sequel to “Fifty Shades of Grey”?
The tension between justice and vengeance is the subject of Martin Zandvliet’s tight and suspenseful feature, which is up for best foreign language film.
At City Center, an irresistible Huckleberry Finn but no new insights into the questions of race and responsibility that his story always raises.
The ruling, the first from an appeals court on the travel ban, is likely to be quickly appealed to the short-handed United States Supreme Court.
Pondering, and maybe complying with, a message delivered in graffiti.
A leaked memo drafted by Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the Financial Services Committee, lays out plans to neuter the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Oakley, a former enforcer who played 10 seasons in New York, and the team owner James L. Dolan had a rocky relationship even before Oakley was arrested.
Kyle Mahowald starts our solving weekend with a literary device.
The pared-down revival of the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical relies more on Glenn Close’s astounding performance than the original lavish production could.
The addition of Balotelli has drawn attention to Nice, a French club on the upswing since its president, Jean-Pierre Rivère, took over five years ago.
What questions does this video raise for you about the lava flow, the volcano, the land around it, the ocean or anything else?
Yes, giddy times for the opposition. But they are more removed from power than at almost any point in history.
Here’s how to drag your feet, stick together and drive wedges between the Republicans and President Trump.
Our acts of moral courage defend America as surely as any act of violence.
What to give the man who has everything.
Get ready for the inevitable presidential power grab.
President Trump has promised to rid America of the immigrant threat. But Guadalupe García de Rayos was a threat to no one.
The truth under siege: 2+2 does not equal 5.
Is reading a just punishment for teenage hate speech and vandalism?
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
How does financial help from parents influence where a student goes to college, their college major, and their chosen career path?
Should The Times have equated the executive branch with the whole government? And how should it defend itself against assaults from the White House?
Living above one of New York City’s ubiquitous little stores can be like having a store-size pantry and finding a sense of community.
This short documentary profiles a former prisoner who guides men released from life sentences in California through their first hours of freedom.
This Geoff Sobelle play, in a space packed with boxes that are explored by Mr. Sobelle and the audience, has reopened at New York Theater Workshop.
The Republican plan to change the corporate tax code shows how policy is “path dependent,” and change can be costly.
Time spent together over the grapefruit, the grilled cheese, the tilapia can be the crux of real companionship.
Some therapists were thrilled that the the wife of the vice president supports their field. Others worry that her husband’s politics hurt the very people they treat.
Infection rates appear to be declining, while innovative treatments are being tested and vaccine trials are in the works.
Friday: Plowing the streets, trekking to Fashion Week, and digitizing the Met.
A reader asks: What can women do about hair thinning after menopause? Does hormone replacement help, and is it safe?
Amid the furor over the new education secretary, the reality is that the federal government has limited influence over the city’s schools.
In pledging to honor the “One China” policy, the president may have averted confrontation with Beijing, but some said he also sullied his reputation there.
In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system.
If we regarded our home like a TV or a car, instead of something we always expect to increase in value, there would be societal benefits.
The series, which returns from its winter break on Sunday, began its seventh season with a double murder that turned the stomachs of even longtime fans.
A Supreme Court judge must be independent of the president, now more than ever. Neil Gorsuch has not yet shown me that he is capable of that.
Melt butter. Add garlic, lemon, herbs and spices. Then pour it over whatever you’d like.
Citing back spasms, Woods withdrew from the Genesis Open and the Honda Classic, three tournaments into his latest comeback. Hope that he can again regain top form dimmed.
Will Shortz has some good news for us.
The new secretary of Health and Human Services has some big decisions to make quickly. First, whether to stabilize Obamacare or burn it to the ground.
Are you attracted to her, or to the teeming community of microorganisms living in her gut?
James L. Dolan made the announcement on Friday on ESPN Radio after the former Knicks star was forcibly removed from the arena on Wednesday night.
At heart, ‘Billions’ is a show about the benefits and limits of alpha-male aggression.
If you have an hour and a box of phyllo dough, make a borek, a Turkish hand pie with a lamb and feta filling.
Can universities afford not to wade into the immigration debate?
Plans to expand the World Cup to 48 teams and to experiment with starting extra innings with a runner on second amount to fixing what isn’t broken.
The Knicks’ handling of the Charles Oakley episode and the owner James L. Dolan’s comments, on top of everything else, have been stunning.
He is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.
This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.
On the public’s dime, the first family is costing a pretty penny. It’s curious behavior considering the president’s 2011 complaints about the Obamas.
The return of Frederick J. Healy.
Women have become significantly more likely to stay on the job at an older age, many out of enjoyment as much as obligation, research shows.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
The building next door is so brightly lit, it’s as if the sun is shining into my bedroom at midnight. Is that legal?
Across the nation’s bureaucracy, the new administration’s upending of protocol and policy has stirred frustration, fear and, for some, talk of resistance.
Tommy Hunt was a regular at the Apollo Theater back in the 1960s. In this photo from the archives, he comes alive.
Republicans in Washington appear flummoxed by one-party rule, but rising party leaders in the states are quickly passing laws to further a conservative agenda.
The most fun you will ever have with a crossword without ... well, without vowels.
Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in-law, has a long connection to Israel. When he meets with the country’s prime minister on Wednesday, it will be a gathering influenced by old encounters and shared experiences.
Only the savviest organizations find a way to contend every year, and most understand that they have a distinct window to win — and that once it closes, it’s time to start over.
In a score of red states, legislators lie about voting fraud to pass laws that will suppress Democratic votes.
Have Donald Trump’s stump speeches denied Bowe Bergdahl a fair trial?
The party’s rightful outrage will mean nothing without the right strategy.
Trump’s focus on refugees diverts from real dangers.
How Donald Trump is making America Great Again.
A White House in perpetual crisis needs less ambition, more simplicity.
Conservative women think: “So what are we? Chopped liver?”
Lynn Lempel makes a rare and welcome Sunday appearance.
Adele swept the top categories, winning album of the year for “25” and both record of the year and song of the year for “Hello.” She dedicated her triumphs to Beyoncé.
Officials say plans are in place for upgrades that should help the New York City system make significant strides. But as ridership soars, complaints are mounting.
Brent Sverdloff makes his New York Times Crossword debut, ably assisted by the constructor Michael Blake.
Staff members are struggling to make policy to fit the president’s Twitter posts, and the council’s leader, Michael T. Flynn, is facing an inquiry into his communications with Russia.
A growing number of Latin American migrants are choosing to put down roots in Mexico rather than use it as a thruway to the United States.
Two items uncovered while cleaning out a home summon memories of a birthday, a bar mitzvah and Eisenhower’s second inauguration.
“Beardo,” the musical, is a louche, lewd and assertively weird fantasia on the life of Rasputin, at St. John’s Lutheran Church in Brooklyn.
Carrie also must make a decision about Dar Adal. Should she sell him out?
After weeks of subjugation by the Saviors, Rick resumed his hero’s mantle and embarked on a campaign of coalition building and enigmatic smiling.
How often do you reach for a dictionary or visit its online equivalent?
President Trump has abandoned the Obama administration’s name for the fight against ISIS. But he shouldn’t abandon the underlying strategy.
History shows that it works.
What they don’t know can hurt them, but also us.
A carbon tax proposal from party elders offers an opportunity to change the conversation on global warming.
Crises and breakups can force us to become the authors of our own lives.
The French former economy minister claims to transcend parties, but by not defining himself, he risks being seen as a candidate who stands for nothing.
Their relationship has consequences for policy on issues like health care, education and free speech, and how the federal courts will decide cases.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Health care innovations and procedures spread unevenly across geographic regions, seemingly because of physician preferences, research suggests.
The top prize in this year&#8217;s World Press Photo contest was given to a dramatic image of the assassination of Russia&#8217;s ambassador to Turkey.
Monday: Mayor de Blasio’s annual address, immigration arrests, and the state of your block.
Obese people who diet often regain the weight because their metabolic rate drops. That doesn’t happen with bariatric surgery.
With reports of an increase in teenage depression, experts say parents should watch for major changes in their own children.
How did politics come into play during the Grammy Awards on Sunday night?
Our culinary compatriots in Europe, Asia and other parts of the world leave beautiful bowls of eggs on their kitchen counters. So what gives?
Snowy days, and the days after snowstorms, bring a spike in deadly heart attacks in men.
Behrouz Boochani would record a handful of videos, then travel from the refugee detention center to a nearby town to connect to the internet and send them.
Letting one’s political opinions shape investing decisions is a good way to lose money.
Representative Jim Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin and other Republicans are facing constituents demanding to know what will replace the Affordable Care Act — and so far, they have little to say.
Some members of Congress say milk comes only from cows, and almond, soy and coconut milks should not be allowed to call themselves milk.
Which dystopian novel got it right: Orwell’s ‘1984’ or Huxley’s ‘Brave New World’?
The top-ranked Huskies reached the mark with a 66-55 win against No. 6 South Carolina despite the loss of three star seniors from last year’s national title team.
The rituals for ordering wine can seem arcane and confusing. Here are suggestions for how to make it work for you.
Some diners feel awkward when they are presented with the wine to taste. Should that age-old ritual be eliminated?
After years of planning, Jean-Georges Vongerichten is ready to open his latest outpost in a furniture store.
The sudden chaos unleashed by damage to a dam’s spillway offered a dramatic reversal for Northern California, which until recently was parched by drought.
President Trump and his aides coordinated their response to North Korea’s missile test at his Florida club without retiring to a secure location.
A national physicians’ group says back pain is treated best by exercise, massage therapy or yoga and over-the-counter pain relievers, not medications like opioids.
Mr. Flynn, who served in the job for less than a month, said he had given “incomplete information” about a telephone call with the Russian ambassador before President Trump’s inauguration.
A man and a feather share a dance when a train comes to a halt.
Daniel Larsen, age 13, breaks a record and makes his New York Times Crossword debut. Take a swig from the Geritol bottle and pass it around.
The author Katherine Rundell has repurposed some of Saki’s anarchic short stories for a 21st-century theater audience.
South Korea is a skiing afterthought no more. The 2018 Winter Olympics is a coming-out party for the country as a winter sports destination.
Do you like Valentine’s Day? What memorable things, good or bad, have happened to you on this day?
Staff members are right to worry about the paper “shaving off the edges” of some stories.
Strains are already showing between the Trump administration and the Israeli government.
In the Trump administration, even the disruptions are being disrupted.
Depending on what kind of threat Donald Trump represents, there are historical models for resistance.
The world thought Ho Chi Minh led North Vietnam. The world was wrong.
President Trump takes the plunge into Middle East peacemaking.
American scientists should learn from their northern neighbors. Reject interference. Stay vigilant. Stay scientists.
In many states, reducing the rate of incarceration has become a bipartisan goal.
At the site of the worst massacre of El Salvador&#8217;s civil war, the remains of victims are still being exhumed and reburied.
Where does the power for your electricity come from: wind, water, nuclear, natural gas, coal or solar?
How the current moment has changed the pressures on players, coaches and other to speak out or be silent.
What is it about handmade things that makes them special? Are they just better, somehow?
Call it the Trini-fication of Carnival. Trinidad-style fetes are full-on productions that now happen almost monthly.
When some climate scientists began saying we’d entered a new epoch, they meant to draw attention to human effects on climate. Now, to their dismay, it’s become a tech call to arms for more disruption.
Republicans spent almost seven years waging a battle to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Finally, they are set up for victory — or a new kind of disappointment.
Tuesday: Subway love stories, a special election, and the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show.
Take a moment to savor your Valentine’s Day treat.
There are 33.59 million more men than women in China, which makes marriage hard to attain for men, especially those lower on the socioeconomic ladder.
Another busy news week, another jam-packed quiz. Have you been paying attention to the headlines?
I wanted to get to know Texas, so I invited Ms. Smith to lunch.
Since 1993, The Times has published puzzles created by 36 teenagers. But today’s constructor beats the previous record-holder by six months.
Decades of talks failed to realize the two-state solution. Today, Jews and Arabs need a new peace plan.
Our cavalier president chose top administration officials for their bluster.
In two new studies, early-stage breast cancer patients who had scalp-cooling treatments were significantly more likely to keep their hair.
A stylish new restaurant melds Asian cuisines in a cavernous former Chinatown theater where a gang massacre once occurred.
The verdict is a long-awaited step in solving the mystery that bedeviled investigators and forever changed the way parents watched over their children.
The San Francisco chef is suddenly one of the world’s most acclaimed and visible cooks — and one of the few women ranked alongside men.
Seasonal citrus gets a turbocharge from a torch and a mint garnish courtesy of Augustine, Keith McNally’s new restaurant.
Michael T. Flynn’s resignation as national security adviser raises questions about what President Trump knew about the situation, and when.
Perhaps Trinidad’s most famous culinary export can take a lifetime for cooks to master.
What would it mean to marry someone behind bars?
I am not arguing that he isn’t the legitimate president, but I am arguing that he is not behaving like one.
The reprimand of a reporter who disparaged Melania Trump at a party offers a good reminder to all staffers here: You’re always representing The Times.
A hallway of Philadelphia’s spring training home has photos of McGraw (who was on the 1980 title team) and Ryan Howard (2008) with the words, “Ya Gotta Believe.”
Escape from life’s worries and connection to family are some of the psychological reasons for turning to crossword puzzles, experts say.
When a word on a shipping form has two meanings.
Cleveland, which lost to the Cubs in seven games in the World Series, signed the slugger Edwin Encarnacion and will get some injured veterans back this season.
If President Trump thinks Michael Flynn’s departure will end the controversy over Russia, he’s mistaken.
Toni Nadal, the uncle and primary coach of the 14-time Grand Slam champion Rafael Nadal since he was 3, plans to step down at the end of the year.
The contacts in the year before the election were revealed by intercepted communications, according to four current and former senior American officials.
The New York Times Crossword celebrates its 75th anniversary, and food for thought from the actor Jesse Eisenberg and the constructor Patrick Blindauer.
Lu Pin, a Chinese feminist who participated in the Women’s March on Washington, talked about opening a new front for China’s women in America.
The removal of the White House web page on disabilities sent a chilling message to me and others like me.
Mr. Trump may be the last person who can preserve the hope of a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Have you ever felt like you were on a winning streak, either literally while playing a game of some kind, or figuratively because things in your life were going well?
What really connects the president, Pope Francis and their critics.
How are Canadian ice hockey players promoting the game in the Cayman Islands?
Over the last four decades, Don Winslow has seen photojournalism go from an envied profession to just another budget line to be cut, resulting in an economic and philosophical devaluation of the image.
Do social, environmental or political concerns factor into your decisions about what you buy or don’t buy? Why or why not?
As the social contract frays, what does it mean to be polite?
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on navigating political differences in a marriage and how to handle relatives’ anti-Arab prejudice.
What happens to food scraps after the city takes them? Soon a large fraction will wind up on Long Island, where Charles Vigliotti hopes to turn them into profit.
Since the election, there has been an increase in dubious claims among liberals. Psychology offers an explanation.
Wednesday: Keeping up with the cold, a verdict in the Etan Patz case, and the 5-cent plastic bag fee.
Even a single workout may start to change how the heart’s cells work, a study of mice on treadmills found.
The visual artist on her explicit aesthetic, activism in art and supporting younger feminists.
Michael Flynn has resigned. Now expect the investigations to begin.
A false positive mammogram has a dangerous downside: It may reduce the likelihood that a woman returns for later screenings
The recent missile test was only the first in a series of nuclear weapon provocations.
In what ways is Mary Shelley’s wildly popular novel still relevant after 200 years?
In talks with Israel’s prime minister, the president said the United States would no longer insist on a two-state solution for a peace accord.
Lowering blood pressure to 120 — instead of the current guideline of 140 — could prevent more than 100,000 deaths a year in the United States alone, researchers report.
All awards season, Times staffers have been arguing about this Oscar-nominated musical. We let them go one more round.
To reduce needless waste and end confusion over differing language, two food industry trade groups and Walmart have agreed on only two basic labels.
Although the Obamacare individual mandate has not gone away, a change in policy at the I.R.S. may shift taxpayers’ perception about how urgent it is.
Less than six months after the Games ended, many sites have been abandoned, despite government promises to leave “no white elephants” behind.
All the political news makes it easy to overlook a quieter development: more signals of significant economic momentum.
Dots involving Russia are begging to be connected.
What we know about Russia only makes what we don’t know more ominous.
Two women ponder metaphors to describe things that escape.
Many are choosing to ignore the chaos in Washington and instead are focusing on President Trump’s agenda of tax cuts and deregulation.
The review is being pushed by President Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and would be led by Stephen A. Feinberg, a billionaire private equity executive.
The possibility that Russia has infiltrated the highest levels of our government is a national security threat that Congress must investigate.
This Richard Maxwell production at the Abrons Arts Center could be described as a sugar-free version of the new Hollywood musical.
In this Tracy Letts play, an Everyman suddenly realizes he doesn’t believe in God and goes about re-examining all aspects of his life.
Keith Redwine makes his New York Times Crossword debut by striking a balance.
After a striking first episode, “Legion” slows down and goes deep into David’s mind.
If you were the head of a foundation with millions to give away, what global problem would you want to solve? Why?
On the plus side, we’re not in Pyongyang.
Don’t repeat my mistake of comparing disagreement with your ideas to suppression.
Material and psychological conflicts between the party’s core constituencies make this a tricky issue for candidates and voters alike.
The gloves appear to be off when it comes to the government’s pursuit of undocumented immigrants.
What are your favorites kinds of games or puzzles, and why?
Unlike the cute and sweet images of dogs on social media, Marcos Javier Garcia&#8217;s photos show the lives of dogs that have been abandoned or given up to a Miami shelter where space is limited.
Is the president’s tumultuous first month a positive or negative part of his presidency?
These books don’t tell you that everything is going to be O.K. but rather that nothing was ever really O.K. to begin with.
A frangipane tart that showcases the pleasures of the dried fruit.
The band created one of indie rock’s most indelible sounds, built around the collaboration of David Longstreth and Amber Coffman. Now he’s reinventing their music without her.
A mother’s good-night kiss has unexpected consequences.
Congressional Republicans eagerly anticipated securing their conservative agenda, but they have yet to deliver on any of the sweeping legislation they promised.
Permits to hunt bighorn sheep are auctioned for hundreds of thousands of dollars — and that money has helped revive wild sheep populations and expand their territory.
In recent years, the Knicks have not been renowned for their stability or for their aptitude at basketball.
Another donkey may be the key to helping an abused one learn to trust again.
I often feel relief at not being burdened by hope of a cure — like Sisyphus admiring the view from the mountain after someone stopped the boulder.
People eating a gluten-free diet had higher blood levels of arsenic and mercury.
Thursday: The city’s delicious chocolate history, numbing weather, and a 75th birthday in Crosswords.
Unique among the country’s matchmaking shows, “Chinese Dating” gives parents power over their children’s choices, which many viewers say reflects their society.
How YouTube’s biggest star took a bizarre career turn, and what it tells us about the nascent politics of social platforms.
In the New York region and around the country, many workers and business owners chose to not work as part of a protest of the Trump administration’s policies toward immigrants.
In this lesson, students look at current events to analyze how our constitutional system of checks and balances works.
Andrew Rosenthal on Donald Trump’s bizarre relationship with Vladimir Putin, and other news of the week.
“Support Our Mission” will create digital subscriptions for thousands of students. Can we be blamed for hoping it might make readers of a few of them?
A family restaurant in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, serves the pungent cooking of Koryo Saram, descendants of Koreans who were exiled to Central Asia.
The pinot noirs from this unwieldy appellation can be quite good, but consumers may need to guess whether the wines truly come from near the Pacific.
This thriller from Gore Verbinski makes for a nice game of Name That Movie Influence as it treads the boundary between homage and outright plagiarism.
In a raw news conference on Thursday, President Trump dismissed reports about contacts between his advisers and Russia and said his administration was not chaotic.
Zhang Yimou’s costume spectacle offers drooling creatures, glowering warriors, a swaggering mercenary and a message about China’s might.
Asad is a refugee whose refuge keeps receding, in this music drama, directed by Mark Dornford-May, at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
The outline of the plan points to a simpler system that would give every American a flat tax credit varying by age, but not by income.
Thinking back on three occasions when hailing a taxi was the way to go.
A florist who refused to sell flowers for a same-sex wedding cannot claim religious belief as a defense under the state’s anti-discrimination laws.
Robert Harward’s decision reflected the continuing upheaval in the White House, which has been rocked by controversy and personnel troubles.
Wallace Shawn excavates moral cowardice in an authoritarian age, with Matthew Broderick as our guide.
David Steinberg is officially old, at least by his standards.
Fear festers, burrows and blooms in Caryl Churchill’s short and wondrous play that plumbs the depths of 21st-century terrors.
What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on what is happening in the world right now?
Without grown-ups in charge, the government could stop working.
When psychiatrists give diagnoses about the mental health of politicians, it’s not just unethical — it’s intellectually suspect.
G.O.P. leaders knew about Trump’s link to Russia and the danger it posed. Now they must own it.
Time flies, but we can still count on the president for one thing: to brag about his Electoral College victory.
Is subversion in the defense of tax cuts no vice?
The Trump administration’s ties with Russia must be investigated immediately and fully. No one else can credibly do it.
Netanyahu’s idea of a Palestinian state does not pass the laugh test.
How much is civics on your radar? Discuss the importance and priority of civics in your personal life and school.
Is The Times drowning readers in Trump coverage? Or does the capital turmoil merit the coverage? And was a real estate story not skeptical enough?
Homeowners around the country have opened up their living rooms for political causes and to help build community.
In this short film, Stan Dibben, a winner of the World Sidecar Championship in 1953, recounts the thrills and perils of his profession.
My dad’s philosophy was that you don’t need money or plans, only a willingness to be present in the moment and to go where inspiration takes you.
Friday: How children can celebrate the holiday, warmer weather on the horizon, and an ask about airports.
The number of fat cells in a person&#8217;s body seems to be able to change in only one direction: up.
Facing re-election, the mayor discovers the promise of the garment industry to deliver jobs and, maybe, fund-raising support.
In this podcast, White House correspondent Julie Hirschfeld Davis describes her first visit to the winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla.
President Trump has ordered that for every new regulation imposed, two old ones must go. It’s an intriguing idea but a misguided one.
This spicy pasta with roasted broccoli, ricotta and a crisp bread-crumb topping comes together quickly.
The N.B.A.’s biggest stars no longer compete in its dunk contest, but a core fan base continues to love it anyway.
Double-thick pork chops may sound good and look impressive, but they often turn out dry.
The Trump administration rebutted a report by The Associated Press that cited a memorandum describing an effort to militarize enforcement of the nation’s immigration laws.
The agency will now be led by an official who built a career suing to block environmental rules and has called for weakening the E.P.A.’s authority.
The chef Albert Adrià’s latest opening aims to be a 2017 update of the acclaimed restaurant where he worked for 23 years.
My father believed in Vick’s VapoRub for chest colds and Desitin for everything else.
Connecticut is favored to win its 12th women’s basketball title. What is less certain is whether the team would meet President Trump at the White House.
The latest Gallup survey has him at 38 percent, but he would probably need to fall even further for Democrats to have a good shot to retake the House next year.
A tax on high-cost employee health plans, the Cadillac tax, was a reviled part of the original Obamacare law. It was blocked, but something similar may be back.
He didn’t inherit a mess; he is creating one, with moves that put national security at risk.
Steve Overton makes a themeless debut.
The enduring — and grossly inaccurate — stereotypes about Vietnam veterans.
James Buchanan’s days as the worst American leader may be numbered.
The changes in technology and media upended traditional notions of photojournalism. But they have also provided new storytelling opportunities for groups who have been underrepresented.
As lawmakers head home, their constituents will be waiting for them, at events like those in South Carolina and New York, and some may not be happy to see them.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
A mysterious noise seems to be coming from the new building next door. What to do about it?
The tonic that is a timeless show about four aging housemates is being dispensed in Manhattan.
The math is not his friend.
The president is presiding over a government where the upper echelons remain sparsely populated, and not just because of resistance from Democrats.
A puzzle by Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon that speaks to us.
Don’t worry too much about whether Trump and the Russian leader are working together. Worry about what they have in common.
Engaging in protests and public actions will embolden others to join in and hearten the vulnerable.
There’s a dizzying secret to our erratic president’s survival.
There’s a simple (legal) way to replace a president. But it has never been attempted.
Can a hapless White House and a bull market coexist?
In covering some of the biggest stories, The Times is rightfully granting sources anonymity. But the paper could do more to earn readers’ trust.
Movies can help us see injustices we have never experienced in our own lives. “Hidden Figures” is a perfect example.
The Emperor of Chaos spirals into aggrievement and denounces journalists as “the enemy of the American people!” even as he praises Putin.
The sooner we start talking about how we die, the better.
An occupation of the National Mall in Washington drew about 3,000 and highlighted the ills of the poor. Images unpublished until now show a more well-rounded portrait.
Bruce Haight panics. Or maybe it’s all part of his plan to fool us.
A sampling indicates people’s calculations typically range into seven (or even eight) figures. But one woman says $36,000 a year would be just fine.
As lawmakers hear an outcry from supporters of the Affordable Care Act, there is no longer a clamor for dismantling it, Republicans say.
Amid scrutiny of President Trump’s possible ties to Russia, his personal lawyer advances an opposition Ukrainian lawmaker’s sealed plan to the White House.
Ed Stein and Paula Gamache test our knowledge.
Durant left the Thunder last season as a free agent, and his former teammate Westbrook didn’t take it well. With both on the Western Conference All-Star team, their reunion has been frosty.
Snippets of conversation at a grocery store.
For Paul Ryan & Co., success means having you pay more for less.
Seeing depictions of women who mentor and rely on one another with such fierce loyalty is still a rarity on TV.
Older Americans are increasingly turning to pot to treat their aches and pains. The trend raises questions about effectiveness, safety and accessibility.
Yes, Quinn showed some bad judgment tonight. He shouldn’t have thrown a TV reporter down the stairs, or let a hostage situation develop. But so what?
Martín Zimmerman’s play, starring Marin Ireland, approaches the subject of American gun violence from a startlingly original perspective.
Sunday’s episode featured a tender reunion and a new alliance.
Are we merely addicted consumers of the spectacular images the president creates?
Why do Republicans imagine they can deliver growth?
On their 90th birthdays, an ode to two of the most remarkable men of our time.
Fitbits and Apple Watches and the like may have their uses, but they don’t appear to be effective in weight loss.
When eyesight fails, some people become socially disengaged, leading to isolation and loneliness.
The Carpetbagger columnist, Cara Buckley, describes the controversy likely to roil this year’s Academy Awards season.
The president called him “a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience.”
A small discrepancy in the value of a long-sought number has fostered a debate about just how well we know the cosmos.
The Education Department, whose scrutiny has led hundreds of campuses to close, is now led by Betsy DeVos, who has investments in the industry.
Paying a dime for a large orange drink even though the counterman demanded 15 cents.
The Empire State Trail would be the longest multiuse trail in the country. New York officials are hailing the project’s economic and health benefits.
In good times, robots are seen as heroes. In bad times, they’re the villains. They’re neither. Robots are as good or bad as our public policies allow.
Timothy Polin reminds us to study.
He died 50 years ago today, but he remains the greatest writer on Vietnam.
A straightforward deal with young gunmen to turn peaceful is succeeding in a California city long known for its violence.
The decline of economic growth is at the bottom of ethnic nationalism’s rise, faith in democracy’s fall and world order’s dissipation.
Focus on progressive Obama coalition defectors, not on conservative white working-class voters.
He has business ties, political ties and ideological ties to Putin’s Russia, and it’s up to the Senate and the F.B.I. to clarify them.
Frank Bruni and Gail Collins banter about Donald Trump Oscar Night and bask in a “Moonlight” glow.
Emine Ziyatdinova, a Crimean Tatar, has been documenting the changes in her homeland in the years since the Russian Federation annexed the Crimean peninsula from Ukraine.
When it’s unclear whether America or Russia is more credible, the world is heading for trouble.
The singer and actor on the “La La Land” controversy, forms of resistance and playing the role of Frederick Douglass.
The arguments over the confirmation of the new secretary of education were about something bigger: which government institutions benefit which citizens.
Some Republican legislators encountered boos and hostile questions. One attendee gave a senator some antacids because he was “going to need them.”
The president has not set foot in the city since his inauguration, puzzling and emboldening some protesters in his hometown.
New research shows that what babies hear before birth and in the first months of life affects both sound perception and sound production.
The top-rated Manhattan restaurant will close for three months of renovation and open a more casual version in the Hamptons.
Tuesday: Getting rid of gum, trekking from New York City to Canada, and celebrating Black History Month.
How was a novel by one of the best-known American writers of the 19th century “lost” for generations? And how was it found?
What does it take to transcend the worries and fears about expressing yourself creatively?
Fraudsters are throwing themselves in front of cars or buses to extort money from motorists, but the results are often unconvincing.
The rules authorize expelling undocumented immigrants who have committed even minor offenses, and they make it easier to immediately deport people.
The Manhattan hotel, which will shut its doors temporarily for renovations starting next month, gave rise to a dish that has made an indelible mark on American menus.
The menu darts from Kashmir to South India and beyond at the newest restaurant from the prolific Hemant Mathur (with help from Shiva Natarajan).
Milo Yiannopoulos’s downfall this week — including his resignation as a senior editor at Breitbart News — was a sign that in today’s political culture, some limits still remain.
Bayou Teche Brewery makes craft beers for only-in-Louisiana celebrations. Its distribution for now is limited to that state, Texas and Quebec.
Tomás Kalika, who will soon open his second Buenos Aires restaurant, is giving diaspora cooking a tasting-menu (and Argentine) twist.
Nicholas Britell, the film’s composer, whose score is up for an Oscar, explains his treatments of the music using the style of a Houston D.J.
Yiannopoulos’s true cause is himself. Sound familiar?
A poem inspired by an abandoned car in Brooklyn.
The thorny dynamics of community powers a compelling episode.
Homeland Security reveals its plan to vastly expand the enforcement machinery.
Kyle Dolan asks us to climb his crossword puzzle.
A drama by Cándido Tirado set in Washington Square Park has characters talking genocide and justice while the speed-chess clock ticks.
Branden Jacobs-Jenkins’s take on a stark 15th-century morality play includes characters like Stuff, Death and Love.
He’s an avatar for a cultural conservatism that’s united only by what it’s against.
Even as a lawyer in court, demanding accommodation for my disability can be daunting.
Add them up and see if they work together.
The National Endowment for the Arts invests in the intelligence and curiosity of our citizens.
Sebastian Heilmann, a professor in Germany, discussed the underappreciated strengths of China’s political system.
New York City was not only the birthplace of American photography, but also the setting for some of its most substantial early commercial and technological developments.
Are groundwater extraction, overpopulation, corruption and climate change creating an unsolvable water crisis in Mexico City?
Feminist Voices was banned from Weibo, a Twitter-like service, for 30 days after it posted an article about a women’s strike planned in the U.S. in March.
Does American Girl’s new boy doll fill a need for young children?
Is there a more quintessentially urban act?
A Times obituary that attributed a passage from a Supreme Court opinion by Byron White to Harry Blackmun raises the question of whether all corrections are created equal.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether it’s O.K. to post composite “patient” reviews on a referral site and whether a bloodmobile is right to ignore possible anemia in a donor.
Coverage of President Trump may eclipse that of any single human being ever. I discovered several truths about our digital media ecosystem when I tuned it out.
An off-the-books operation, meant to finance undercover work, is the subject of a lawsuit that has been kept nearly entirely sealed for years.
The voters who decided the last election might not decide the next. The road to a Democratic House starts in Orange County in California.
Men who exercise strenuously may have a lower libido than those whose workouts are lighter, a new study found.
Wednesday: Sinatra’s “New York, New York,” a bull escape in Queens, and representatives around town.
Evidence-based medical care needs evidence-based design.
The administration reversed a policy that allowed students to use the bathrooms of their choice at school, an order that caused an internal rift.
Thousands of pages of emails show that Mr. Pruitt, as Oklahoma attorney general, worked closely with companies to battle environmental regulation.
Astronomers are excited by the discovery, which suggests that some of these exoplanets — planets around stars other than the sun — could support life and may be awash in oceans.
Older adults who started sleeping more than nine hours a night were at more than double the risk of developing dementia 10 years later.
The best evidence to date of how sizable taxes on sugary drinks, increasingly favored by large American cities, may influence consumer behavior.
America’s J.C.C.s are being threatened. We need a more forceful defense.
A former employee’s blog post has raised questions about the limits of meritocracy at Uber and how much executives knew about the treatment of employees.
Subway riders look on as a foam container balances uneasily on a sleeping man’s hand.
Steven Levenson’s comedy-drama explores multiple and contradictory dimensions of self-perception through its portrait of a family, the Fischers.
Jeff Chen weighs feathers and lead.
This dark musical by Greg Pierce and John Kander examines the ordeals of a teenager trying to recover from a drugged captivity.
The show now seems ready to get on with the business of making the superhuman into the superhero.
The Trump phenomenon is devoid of compassion, and we must be closed to compromise.
Eleven thinkers helped us rethink what it might mean to be human in the 21st century.
Don’t adopt Trump’s trick of “otherizing” people, even Trump supporters.
Maybe the president keeps talking crazy to divert attention from the fact that he doesn’t have anything else to report.
Invoking a false argument about saving “many thousands” of jobs, the president has again retreated from responsibility.
As Angela Merkel gears up for an election, a chance for the political center to redefine itself.
As automation reduces the need for human labor, some Silicon Valley executives think a universal income will be the answer — and the beta test is happening in Kenya.
Many Americans need jobs, or want better jobs, while employers have good jobs they can’t fill. Matching them up is the tricky part.
How does writing distract, calm, energize, entertain, educate and even heal us?
The most important frontier for robots is not the work they take from humans but the work they do with humans — which requires learning on both sides.
New kinds of work require new ideas — and new ways of organizing.
Popular ideas about the working class are woefully out of date. Here are nine people who tell a truer story of what the American work force does today — and will do tomorrow.
A new book documents the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II through images by Dorothea Lange and others, including Hikaru Iwasaki, who had been sent to a camp.
A new research project will periodically survey political scientists on crucial measures of a functioning democracy, looking for change over time.
An uptick in green cards illustrates an effort to draw more investors and celebrities, but for other foreigners, residency restrictions have increased.
Workshops in Germany aim to show children how to light fires safely, in stark contrast to the “don’t touch” approach in the United States.
Thursday: A circus comes full circle, the end of the Kosciuszko Bridge, and the Met sees an anniversary.
The new studies come at an interesting moment, with a proponent of vouchers newly in charge of the Education Department.
Fortunately, the president can’t change what Title IX says and means. Those jobs still belong to Congress and the federal courts.
Gum disease can be an early warning sign of Type 2 diabetes, which can be screened for with a simple finger prick.
The opinion columnist Andrew Rosenthal on President Trump’s “crumbs of condescension” for Jews, deportation plans, John McCain’s resistance and other news.
For 89 years — with one significant interruption during the 1940s — The Asahi Shimbun has had its own space in the headquarters of The New York Times.
Beyoncé’s seemingly effortless performance at the Grammy Awards earlier this month was all the more remarkable given that she is pregnant with twins.
Each extra serving of fruits and veggies is associated with a 4 to 8 percent lower risk of developing lung disease.
A restaurant in Woodside, Queens, trades in the keyed-up spicing of the Himalayas.
His personal convictions have proved malleable time and again. This is a clarifying moment for the L.G.B.T. movement.
After the election, Democrats debated whether to confront the president or seek compromise, but riled-up liberals have pushed party leaders into an all-out fight.
Many wines may share certain characteristics, but few are as distinctive as this burly red from Provence.
These reds from the Galicia region of northwestern Spain are both ancient and strikingly modern.
After its improbable Premier League title last season, reality set in for the defending champions: Mounting losses this year led to the dismissal of manager Claudio Ranieri on Thursday.
This thriller from Colm McCarthy, another variation on the zombie-apocalypse premise, combines philosophical debates with bloody tableaus.
This movie by Jordan Peele, his first as a director of feature films, is a skillful hybrid, blending genres into something terrifying.
Gavin Grimm, 17, whose initials are on a case heading to the Supreme Court, has become the new face of the transgender rights movement.
When the president is the product of celebrity culture, what is the value of the movie star who denounces him while accepting an Oscar?
Dodging one threat on the way to pick up dinner and handing over a $20 bill.
The president’s chief strategist vowed that the “deconstruction of the administrative state” has begun, in a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
Andrew Zhou ponders Xena.
Jake Gyllenhaal and Annaleigh Ashford star in the marvelous revival of Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine’s musical, at the newly restored Hudson Theater.
It’s no secret that the physical foundation of the country is coming apart.
Two senators with a recipe for American stagnation.
A hundred years after the Russian Revolution, can a phoenix rise from the ash heap of history?
The rampant speculation that Kim Jong-un ordered the murder of his brother is enough to send a chilling message to the North Korean people.
What Republicans mean when they talk about freedom.
Technology has enabled many things, including the apotheosis of stupidity.
Should state or federal discrimination laws protect transgender students and allow them to use the bathrooms of their choice?
How careful are you online, and how much could your activities online affect your career?
The good news: In a small co-op building your fellow residents become like family. That’s also the bad news.
The nation is close to what economists believe is full productive capacity. The Trump administration’s ambitious growth targets depend on how much slack remains.
A meal that will please your children and satisfy an adult’s desire for flavor.
Partaking in aperitivo time, that easy stretch of sipping and snacking.
The “middle-class people who have run out of money,” they are different from you and me. Plus some other odd wording choices.
Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s book leaves no doubt regarding his feelings. But advocates say the real battle is in state courts, not the Supreme Court.
Friday: Weather-controlled moods, weekend events, and good news.
To protect your baby from a disabling disease, first you have to know that it exists.
The belief that milk makes us phlegmy is so common that our expectations can skew the results of studies.
In some situations, they are just as cutthroat as men.
The chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers has been dropped from the new administration’s cabinet, depriving it of the council’s academic expertise.
This roasted mushroom and butternut squash tart, loaded with cheese on a whole-grain crust, is more rustic than refined, and better for it.
Whose jobs will robots actually take?
Add fresh crab meat to this French cafe classic, a hot ham and cheese sandwich adorned with an egg.
Reporters from The Times and other outlets were not allowed to enter the office of the press secretary, Sean Spicer, in an unusual breach of protocol.
John Parker, a former slave, was a daring conductor on the Underground Railroad. His home in Ripley, Ohio, helps to tell his story.
The Heinz History Center and the F. Julius LeMoyne House document Pittsburgh’s role in the Underground Railroad, but some sites, sadly, are gone.
As fugitive slaves made their way to freedom in Canada, they stopped in Detroit, where visits to churches today illuminate the hardships they endured.
Slaves fleeing the American South established new lives in Canada. Three noteworthy museums tell of their struggles and triumphs.
There are only traces of Underground Railroad history at Prospect Bluff and Fort Mose. But their stories are impossible to forget.
A tour in Lower Manhattan on a cold winter day is a somber and empowering course in the history of slavery — and the fight against it.
@realDonaldTrump and I both have a Twitter habit.
Republicans should stop whining. Stage-managed protests are nothing new.
Why did a president who understood the risks nevertheless rush into an unwinnable war?
Mark Diehl returns to remind us that Saturdays are for streak-breaking.
The larger the entity, the greater the torment. And so it has been with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Diplomacy is more important than ever. But has the secretary of state been marginalized?
This year&#8217;s Pictures of the Year International contest recognizes the work of photographers on daily newspaper assignments or long-term projects to recognizing new ways of visual storytelling.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
Is it necessary to disclose tentative plans for a home office during a co-op interview?
The team’s front-office shake-up is the latest high-profile episode for a team that has long been the N.B.A. standard-bearer for soap opera storylines.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon offer a delicious palate cleanser after a week of American-style crosswords.
The president’s plan to arrest and deport vast numbers of undocumented immigrants will be carried out by agents who say they feel unshackled.
Please hold the president accountable, for the nation’s sake.
The government treats unaccompanied minor immigrants with kindness. Trump may change that.
Oust millions of people from the economy and just watch the G.D.P. drop.
I’m a G, you’re a T and we can be political BFFs.
Starting with a way to fight the social crisis.
The president’s motto: all the news that’s fit to abuse.
There may be good reasons to worry, but they’re not the ones everyone is giving.
Don’t talk about what they are wearing. Do ask about equal pay.
Josh Knapp scrambles the end of our solving week.
Talk about a Hollywood twist ending. “Moonlight” took best picture, but not until after it was mistakenly announced that “La La Land” had won.
As they pursued an Arizona title under a renowned coach, the Chinle Wildcats also considered whether their future rested beyond their starkly beautiful land.
Companies are joining with environmental groups to lobby for expanded subsidies to encourage technologies to reduce carbon emissions from coal plants.
Zhouqin Burnikel switches things up on us.
President Trump will instruct federal agencies on Monday to assemble a budget that would also make major cuts to agencies like the E.P.A. but not reduce funding for the largest entitlement programs.
Heeding a stranger’s harsh command pays dividends.
Carrie’s partners have been duped or sidelined. And of course, there was that faked suicide. But Quinn, at least, seems to have ended up in good hands.
Sunday’s episode took us back inside the Sanctuary to track the ongoing evolution of Dwight and Eugene.
Residents have only good things to say about Juan Carlos Hernandez Pacheco, but his arrest by immigration agents has left his Illinois town in a muddle.
Trump’s attacks on the press and science aim to prevent us from knowing the world as it truly is.
A majority of women want more restrictions on abortions, but the movement refuses to acknowledge that.
Civil society needs to take a stand.
If he had a proposal to rebuild the nation, it would be a slam dunk. If!
The press is the light that makes the roaches scatter.
Two weeks before finals in 2015, I learned my mother might be deported. The same thing had happened to my father three years before.
How much of a price are the American people willing to pay, and who will pay it?
How Mr. Wilders and his party fare in March 15 elections in the Netherlands could indicate the strength of the far right elsewhere in Europe.
Traditional pensions have grown scarcer, life expectancies are generally greater and, for workers of all ages, planning is more important than ever.
After years of photographing in various parts of Colombia, Alvaro Ybarra now wants to put his photos, and hopefully those of others, into an archive that will help the country heal.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Monday: A notable New Yorker, Off-Broadway Week and reflections before Lent.
Even a mildly insulting comment impaired the performance of doctors and nurses, a new study finds.
Innovations like screen readers and talking calculators can help people who cannot see.
The concept is called “job lock,” the need to maintain employment, not for income, but for health insurance.
Are you more competitive when it comes to beating your own expectations of yourself, transcending a past record of your own—or outperforming another person?
What were the most memorable moments of the Academy Awards on Sunday night?
The president is planning a budget that prioritizes the military and other public safety requirements, with cuts to most federal agencies.
The Obamas put food front and center, but the Trumps have yet to signal just how they will eat, entertain or set an example.
As they lobby to bring the Summer Games to Los Angeles, the nation’s Olympics officials have pressured Congress not to hold a hearing on the Russian doping scandal.
President Trump’s budget blueprint sets up a fight with House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who has maintained that to tame the deficit, Congress must cut Social Security and Medicare.
If the mission proceeds as planned, the private space travelers would be the first humans to venture that far into space in more than 40 years.
Two young people venture an opinion about the appearance of a woman standing nearby on a subway car.
A surface level exploration of black conservatism leads to an uneven episode.
The president suggested that the struggle to replace the Affordable Care Act was creating a legislative logjam, potentially stalling other parts of his agenda.
The mayor, who has been frustrated in his efforts to curb homelessness, is set to unveil a proposal to increase New York’s shelters by nearly a third.
An overlay of defeat hobbles this play about a psychiatrist who refuses to testify on behalf of a patient accused of a crime.
Why we like Jacob Stulberg.
There are echoes of Samuel Beckett in this short, resonant tragicomedy, written by Will Eno and featuring Michael Emerson.
What game would you most like to see released in a vitual reality version?
When EpiPen prices soared to $600 for two, a Maine doctor designed a device that duplicates its lifesaving function for next to nothing.
When anti-Enlightenment movements arose in the past, Enlightenment heroes rose to combat them.
President Trump’s spending plan would harm millions of Americans while shoveling more profits to military contractors.
Republicans are running up against a surge of activism as well as the impossibility of achieving a better and cheaper plan that covers everyone.
Soldiers really did read it for the articles — and for the chance to see the war for what it really was.
Jost Franko photographed the global path of cotton &#8212; from plantation to factory &#8212; where the corporate quest for cheaper production sometimes obscures the human cost.
Why should people not conclude there’s no moral code any more and what’s needed is a guy to blow up the system?
How one reporter learned about Harriet Tubman by traveling the secret paths to freedom of the Underground Railroad.
Their resilience shows the limitations of the web as a place to nurture young creativity.
How one novel (and the movie based on it) inspires a year’s worth of engaging science lessons for students and teachers.
The terror of anonymous online harassment has been around for decades. Now the worst side of the web is at the center of national politics.
Stephen Bannon and Jeff Sessions, the new attorney general, have long shared a vision for remaking America. Now the nation’s top law-enforcement agency can serve as a tool for enacting it.
Cultural figures talk about the continued importance of the month at a time of divisiveness over race, politics and civil rights.
The degree of exposure to social and cultural differences is correlated with voting preferences.
Tuesday: A lesson before Lent, Fat Tuesday festivities, and a girls-only chess challenge.
Vitamin makers have discovered that consumers have a sweet tooth for gummy candy versions of their products.
What happens when man’s best friend is a capuchin monkey?
Scientists are reporting a sharp rise in colorectal cancers in adults as young as their 20s and 30s, though the reasons are unclear.
The city’s tourism marketing agency, NYC & Company, says that 300,000 fewer international travelers are expected to visit the city this year than in 2016.
In this podcast, investigative reporter Matt Apuzzo talks about how he reported a story about a cigarette smuggling scam that involved government agents.
France is losing the core of its historic provincial towns — dense hubs of urbanity deep in the countryside where judges judged and Balzac set his novels.
Done well, this American classic can be a perfect dish: big-tasting, filling, nutritious and very easy to make.
Tracing the origins of an Italian-American dish beloved in the central part of the state, but not much beyond.
It takes compromise-oriented technocrats to make policy and pass laws, but there are few of those kinds of Republicans in Congress today.
Natalie Massenet, who left Net-a-Porter after its merger with Yoox, likes Farfetch’s middleman approach to online luxury sales.
A psychologist goes to El Celler de Can Roca, a fine-dining restaurant in Spain, each week to help employees cope with their high-tension jobs.
The president called on Congress to work with him on overhauling health care, changing the tax code and rebuilding the nation’s infrastructure and military.
Liberals can’t seem to discuss controversial topics without accusing those they disagree with of fomenting hate.
If you can’t find your own, perhaps you can help someone else on a similar mission.
Nicholas Kristof live tweets Trump&#8217;s major speech.
David Phillips performs surgery.
Contemporary womanhood has its challenges, and this play explores many of them, like sexual harassment, eating disorders, Ophelia complexes and more.
The Theater for a New Audience’s revival of Thornton Wilder’s apocalyptic comedy feels surprisingly appropriate for a world threatened by climate issues and packed with refugees.
His call on Tuesday night for a rebuilt military is about vanity, not safety.
The president offered up lots of gauzy promises but no real ideas of how to pay for them.
The T.P.P. and other trade deals required tougher labor and environment measures. Some call them fig leaves, but others bemoan their loss.
In a bite-size coup that could spread to other cities, a California upstart has replaced Kellogg products in the city’s free-breakfast program.
The New York Times spoke with a few voters who were watching the president’s speech to Congress from either side of the partisan divide.
After a Jewish cemetery was attacked, Muslims donated thousands of dollars to repair it. What other examples of kindness like this can you think of?
My spinal cord injury is disabling, but it has not destroyed my competitive spirit.
The parallels between Brexit and Trumpism are profound.
Imagining a presidential path for Marine Le Pen.
In El Paso, we’ve benefited from booming trade and immigration.
Photojournalists like Shawkan have been imprisoned for three years since Egyptian authorizes cracked down on protests, and Mohammed Elshamy feels it is his duty to make their stories heard.
Should transgender athletes compete under their assigned gender or the gender they transition to?
The former C.I.A. operative on his presidential run and why there are so many leaks from within the Trump administration.
The magazine’s ethicist columnist on whether to report a driver you believe was DUI and whether to tell your friend’s divorce lawyer about the illegal actions of her ex.
Through his stripped-down, radically humane approach to theater, Sam Gold has found a new dimension to a classic American play.
The incumbent mayor, who faces 10 challengers next month, says he is effective, not cautious, as his critics contend.
To feed an enormous building boom, India’s relentless sand miners have devastated the waterways that make life there possible. 
In a city filled with haunted sites, ghosts are woven into the fabric of daily life.
The average game last season took three hours. We invited our reporters and readers to propose solutions. Some of them took the assignment seriously.
Wednesday: How your neighbors are observing Lent, a rendezvous with French film, and Women’s History Month.
Some people with early-stage Alzheimer’s disease showed improved physical abilities and slowed memory loss from a walking program.
Running late is stressful, but a delayed flight is an especially good moment to be mindful.
The Royal & Ancient Golf Club and the U.S. Golf Association spent more than five years trying to modernize the Rules of Golf.
By measuring cortisol levels in hair, scientists confirmed a link between long-term stress and obesity.
Maybe it&#8217;s not really about the jobs.
On Tuesday, the president seemed to promise everything while actually not promising much of anything at all.
The issue is an important dividing line in the Republican caucus and represents a break from President Trump’s position during the campaign.
Foreigners are a rare sight in Kabul these days; even more rare are foreign journalists.
Most patients don’t have any idea what they have agreed to let their doctors do to them.
Shedding pessimism after seeming to be hopelessly trapped in a cycle of low growth and inflation.
Scroll through this list of questions that touch on every aspect of contemporary life — from social media to sports, politics and school — and see which ones most inspire you to take a stand.
Obama administration officials scrambled to ensure intelligence of connections between the Trump campaign and Russian officials was preserved after they left office.
Recalling an encounter with a former first lady shortly before she died.
The appalling case of a prisoner who starved to death shows how dependent we are on our judges’ willingness to call out injustice.
The sport’s governing bodies are taking a crazy quilt of regulations and boiling them down to a maxim: Use common sense.
Mr. Trump leaves us in the dark on major foreign policy issues.
Peter Gordon performs some nifty crossword sleight-of-hand.
This musical about a demonic barber could be more penetrating, but still respects the original story’s depiction of madness.
In director Larysa Kondracki’s capable hands, “Legion” finally feels like the show its boosters always said it was.
What’s the story behind this photo? Use your imagination to write the opening of a short story or news report inspired by this image.
The announcement came after a day of rapid-fire developments that intensified pressure for a full investigation into Moscow’s meddling in the election.
A bigger military isn’t a substitute for diplomacy, foreign aid and good will.
How to find our whole selves in the movies.
The key to understanding our president is to realize there are several versions.
And what his critics don’t understand about manufacturing.
A version of the London landmark built in the eastern city of Suzhou has rekindled debate about the country’s rush to clone famous foreign structures.
“Someone looking at the United States would have to be worried about democratic failure.”
As is the case with so many of nature’s features, some scientists think climate change and resource depletion will make more rivers more ephemeral.
She managed her autoimmune arthritis by taking medications. But then something strange started happening to her hands.
His unclassifiable books blend personal history, reportage, philosophy and theology to cast compulsive narrative spells.
Bare farmers’ markets in early March can leave home cooks adrift, but this sweet and savory Swedish dish can get you past the hump.
In a season rife with demonstrations, Republican legislators in at least 16 states have filed bills to make protests more orderly or to toughen penalties.
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists is the newest group to recommend that doctors wait to clamp and cut the cord of newborns.
I take pills that have kept my ovarian cancer at bay for three and a half years — surely they would help fend off other cancers, too.
Thursday: The city’s Municipal Archives, windy weather, and a women-only hotel.
In what ways does the silencing of views and opinions within places of education take a toll on learning?
Acupuncture produced changes in the brain and nerves that produced lasting relief from wrist pain.
This is old-school meets new-school pulp filled with intimations of mortality, and raw, ugly violence. And once again, Hugh Jackman plays the Wolverine.
What he did was as bad, if not worse, than Richard Kleindienst, Nixon’s attorney general.
The company’s successful start could revive a moribund market for new stocks and may draw out other private tech giants.
The changes are mostly minor and do not appear likely to make a dramatic impact on the pace of play.
A half century before our “Truth Is Hard” campaign, The Times’s “Got My Job” slogan was exuberantly rendered in song by the Stepping Stones.
We invite students to submit short, evidence-based persuasive essays like the editorials The New York Times publishes every day.
The play, by Bryna Turner, is inspired by letters between Mary Woolley, a president of Mount Holyoke College, and Jeannette Marks.
A restaurant in Ridgewood, Queens, features shelves of groceries, a shrine to Egyptian history and fish from a chef who once worked by the docks.
A politician who has championed such a program for the state’s schools has also profited handsomely from it.
Slapstick and sap vie for prominence in a comedy so lazy that it actually features someone falling off a log.
In rebuilding the landmark Empire Stores as a commercial complex anchored by West Elm, the developers are relying on a deployable flood barrier.
Mayor Bill de Blasio proposes shelters in the neighborhoods that homeless people come from. Council members say they should be distributed across the city. Cue showdown.
Tallying a morning’s worth of caffeine.
A Times project offering readers simple ways to securely submit tips from their phone or email paid dividends in news gathering on Day 1.
The attorney general is the latest official to be caught between his words and the truth.
Take the edge off your week with a crunchy Patrick Berry puzzle.
Joshua Harmon’s comedy, at the Booth Theater, tells of a gay man’s turmoil as he watches wedding bells break up his gang of gal pals.
Since 1935, a polling organization has asked Americans the same question. This chart shows the answers they gave this month. What do you think the question is?
How is the strong resistance to eliminating gillnets contributing to the vaquitas’ extinction?
The rich are the only ones who could be truly free in his vision of the country.
The first casualty of Trump is truth.
The president’s speech to Congress offered a view of his movement without his distracting clownish behavior.
I credit President Trump — not that he seems any more evolved than the first earthworms now appearing in the cold soil of my garden.
What needs changing, and why, in professional sports?
America as a developing country: The family knows everything, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs knows nothing.
Find others who come for more than the game. Don’t try it while sitting.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
The threat of an executive order against Chihuahuas isn’t real.
Discomfort and deliverance on a long trip through Pakistan.
After learning she doesn’t have long to live, a woman composes a dating profile for the man she will leave behind.
In Greenwich, Conn., a town brimming with hedge fund managers, teachers have to study up on finance to try to find better investment options for retirement.
As President Trump rewrites trade policy, the impact will be felt in places like Evansville, Ind., where the likely winners and losers live side by side.
Also: Was it a hate crime? Or was it “terrorism”? And when is it appropriate to note people’s family background in their obituary?
A group of journalism students asked a group of retirees about their work life, how they should plan for later life, and what it all looks like in hindsight.
Thousands of affordable rental apartments are planned or are under construction in the Bronx, some with perks like rooftop farms and concert halls.
Health care legislation is complicated. And efforts to sum it up in a vivid, memorable phrase can result in images that verge on the surreal.
The short documentary raises interesting questions about bravery, survival instinct and peer pressure. What risks are worth taking? Which ones aren’t?
Friday: Return of the snowflakes, weekend events and a milestone at Gracie Mansion.
At a country music concert, my 11-year-old son taught me a lesson about refraining from snap judgments.
Donald Trump has waged almost continual warfare against his critics. The result: more people are paying attention to the president than ever.
Most splitting nails can be healed with a simple moisturizer, although nail problems can also be a sign of an underlying medical problem.
A compassionate Belle and a splendid monster are the hallmarks of this live-action remake of the 1991 animated film.
Republicans say the programs, for people whose employers don’t offer workplace retirement plans, won’t be sufficiently regulated.
The Federal Reserve chief’s declaration followed mounting signals from policy makers that the central bank had accelerated its timetable for action.
Once you get in the groove, preparing the day’s final meal can morph from a formidable chore into a delight.
With roots in Tunisian and Sardinian cooking, fregola has become an attractive ingredient for American cooks, especially among chefs.
A program uses data Uber collected to evade law enforcement in cities that resist the ride-hailing service, some current and former Uber employees said.
When many of the best American players, especially pitchers, stay with their major league teams rather than play in the tournament, it sends a powerful message to fans.
G.O.P. politicians should defy the protesters and return authority to the states on health care — and more.
In 1967, South Vietnam had a chance at democratic stability. Instead, two rival generals tore it apart.
After a Times reporter’s live-tweeting about Mark Zuckerberg’s testimony in Dallas broke courthouse rules, he wrote about it. Unexpectedly, a court officer responded.
In deciding against representing Team U.S.A. at the World Baseball Classic, the hard-throwing Syndergaard had a simple explanation: “I’m a Met.”
Leave him alone and let him be charming?
A growing list of contacts between the president’s associates and Russia is drawing increasing scrutiny, a furor that Mr. Trump called a “total witch hunt.”
Francis offers a permanently applicable solution to dealing with outcasts: give.
Mary Lou Guizzo delivers a crunchy Saturday puzzle and introduces an entry of which I am especially fond.
Conflict has spread to even peaceful areas, and government-backed militias burn down villages, drive millions from their homes, and massacre and gang-rape civilians.
The United States has been trying to sabotage North Korea’s missile program. President Trump must decide what to do next.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
President Trump called former President Barack Obama a “bad (or sick) guy” as he leveled an explosive claim about election-season wiretapping.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon’s acrostic quote teaches us that there are different ways to look at things.
Argentines now make up the second-largest demographic in M.L.S., trailing only Americans.
The repeated emphasis on “America First” worries allies, threatens global trade and hurts immigrants.
Could a year of national service heal America’s divisions?
Condiments should be a safe space, even for the sauciest of presidents.
Give me my crazy straight up. It’s easier to guard against.
Trading affirmative action for reparations.
The battle over women’s health is being felt in clinics.
The world’s two most compelling populists have more in common than some might admit.
The research on the benefits of diversity does not bode well for our mostly white, mostly male administration.
Women have skidded down the power structure at the paper since a shake-up at the top three years ago. It’s improved, but there’s a long way to go.
One of the largest photo displays in Times history, of people who have fled Boko Haram, required an effort just as immense.
Meet the gang from under the bus.
A court ruling annulling the legislature’s authority represents a dangerous turning point for Venezuela.
For two decades, until 2013, North Carolina engaged in academic improprieties that benefited its student-athletes. The repercussions are still being felt.
In which Howard Barkin and Will Shortz teach us a lesson.
In this visually ravishing production, Bobby Cannavale steps into a part that has been waiting for him for decades.
For the author, this gleaming, complex city in British Columbia is “a rolling, improvisatory work in progress.”
About $13 million has been paid out over the years to address complaints from women about Mr. O’Reilly’s behavior. He denies the claims have merit.
Getting rid of mice isn’t easy, but it’s a co-op board’s responsibility if a building becomes infested.
A proposed “border adjustment” tax is meeting furious opposition, threatening to jeopardize yet another signature legislative initiative.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon reveal a miracle.
In modern youth baseball, the fundamentals are falling by the wayside in favor of flashier skills like big-league-style hitting and pitching.
People who have depended on programs that would be hurt by the president’s cost-cutting say they stand by him.
We’re on high alert for anti-Semitism, but the real bigotry is hiding in plain sight.
Many Trump officials — friends, family members and close aides — stand to rake it in at the public’s expense.
“You’re so lucky,” my son said to me. “People look at you and know that you are black.”
Bro C.E.O.s like the head of Uber will keep destroying companies until people stop paying them.
Or a brain trust, to figure out what Trumpism should be.
Raging lust. Boiling anger. Imperious authority. Is this what masculinity is still about?
There is something powerful about attending an institution that was built for you.
Jerry Micolis spells it out for us.
Agnes Davidson makes her debut, ably assisted by Zhouqin Burnikel.
James Wagner, a New York Times sports writer, has found that his native command of Spanish helps him report from dugouts and locker rooms.
Sometimes, the most compelling action isn’t on the field.
As cash has flooded Washington from a variety of groups, even the anti-establishment activists and operatives who sided with President Trump have been enriched.
Coach Brad Stevens and the top executive Danny Ainge have turned a mediocre franchise into a playoff contender. The Knicks should watch and learn.
Did you happen to notice how much of the show was about one character trying to get another to say something? Dar and Max, Carrie and Quinn. Saul and everyone.
Sunday’s series finale delivered a verdict. But judgment — that we got from beginning to end.
This knockabout farce from London trades on the perverse comfort of watching things go smash in a safe, contained environment.
Joan Crawford wasn’t nominated for an Oscar in 1963. But she made sure she accepted one anyway.
Unlike most cinematic portrayals of Wall Street, “Billions” again demonstrates its willingness to make its characters revolting.
“The Walking Dead” wrapped up Season 7 with a well-paced episode that kicked off a new phase of the story.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
What does a recent study say about the number of video game players who may be addicted, as well as how they should be helped?
Who has had the strongest influence on you when it comes to making choices that will affect your future?
On Tuesday, a court will hear the appeal of the former professor convicted of sexually assaulting a disabled man. Her sentence is too harsh.
Russia’s violation of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty is a crucial security challenge for the Trump administration.
Why are big boasts turning into tiny policy tweaks?
Connecting the dots, which have been multiplying at an alarming rate.
In the shape of its first leader, the Russian Revolution had a strategic genius it never found again.
Walden Pond may conjure images of a New England idyll. But given the human activity around Thoreau&#8217;s touchstone, you&#8217;re more likely to find people taking selfies than engaging in self-reflection.
The Democrats should stand firm against Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court nomination. Let the Republicans be the ones who undo Senate rules.
An ad for the bomb-boosting isotope lithium 6 suggests how far the North’s nuclear program has come, and how difficult President Trump’s vow to halt it will be.
Research finds that children born to women in their late 30s did significantly better on cognitive testing than those of younger mothers.
Putting a study in context: Even if there were a connection with hormone-based contraception, the benefits might outweigh any risks.
Chronically viewing the glass as half-empty inhibits one’s ability to bounce back from life’s inevitable stresses.
Monday: Wrangling over state funding, shutting down Rikers Island, and making the first private cellphone call.
To one side, free speech is paramount. To the other, inclusivity is. To a professor caught in the middle, there’s a bridge.
The Senate Judiciary Committee approved the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and sent it to the deeply divided full Senate.
Possible changes to a program that allows technology companies to import foreign workers may be adding to an even heavier rush than usual this year.
John Higgins was harassed by fans for his performance in a game in which his bosses felt he performed well, illustrating referees’ often thankless task.
The German dining institution has closed after 113 years and a major effort by the noted chef Thomas Hauck.
N.H.L. players have participated in every Olympics since 1998, but owners do not want to shut down the league for a few weeks to cater to the Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Kate Hamill and Eric Tucker, the team behind 2014’s “Sense and Sensibility,” are back with a breathless “Vanity Fair” adaptation at the Pearl Theater.
Ideas for helping even the most verse averse find something to enjoy.
Little is known about the biblical king (some scholars even doubt his existence), but he had a ravenous appetite and access to foods from across the world.
The return of a founding partner makes members of the firm question what they’ve come to represent.
An episode on a tour bus seems to foretell the future.
Officials’ financial disclosure forms raise more questions than they answer and provide no assurance of ethical behavior.
Timothy Polin teaches us that actions have consequences.
This mild-mannered musical adaptation of the famously divisive 2001 French film is unlikely to inspire similarly passionate responses.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered a review of federal agreements with dozens of law enforcement agencies, including the Baltimore Police Department.
With a strong second-half defensive effort, North Carolina claimed the sixth national title in its program’s history a year after a heartbreaking loss.
The proposal would effectively eliminate one of the Affordable Care Act’s most popular provisions.
Do you lose things often? How do you find them again? When have you recently lost an item that caused you a great deal of trouble to find or replace?
This is the moment for a war on a problem that is getting worse.
Rick Scott is punishing a prosecutor who took a stand against the death penalty.
Hint: Voting to confirm Neil Gorsuch won’t do it.
Fifty years ago, he delivered the most politically charged speech of his life. He was ahead of his time.
Eric Gyamfi&#8217;s project &#8220;Just Like Us&#8221; is an antidote to prescribed narratives for the L.G.B.T. community in his native Ghana.
The government won’t recognize it, but railway privatization has been a costly fiasco.
How do the arts help prison inmates while serving time, and when they are released?
The answer might stretch back to the founding principles of the web.
Is there any meaning to be found in a loved one’s death?
After years of mocking one another’s neediness and embarrassing overeagerness, we’ve started to see it in our politicians too.
Does an artist’s race, ethnicity, religion or gender matter when creating art about a subject not about his or her own type?
Inside the strange symbiosis between Jeff Zucker and the president he helped create.
Computational thinking — approaching problems the way a programmer would — is captivating educators, from kindergarten teachers to college professors.
A study finds the presence of a liberal or conservative justice can move the entire court left or right, and not only with their own vote.
Tuesday: Remedies for the morning after, deplorable weather, and blossoming cherry trees.
The Trump foreign policy: Shout loud and carry a little stick.
Commuters who take New Jersey Transit and Long Island Rail Road can expect major delays to continue through Thursday.
Dozens of people including children were killed in the assault, one of the worst atrocities in the Syria conflict since President Trump took office.
How we calculate the social cost of carbon can protect us against disruptive climate change.
President Wilson asked Congress to formally accept a state of war with Germany, in April 1917.
Mario Batali’s Greenwich Village perennial has kept its robust style but lost a bit of the old finesse.
I was a long way from the teenage athlete who dominated the pool back in the ‘80s. How long would it take until I got her back?
Prof. Richard Perloff says “American democracy is imperiled” and we need to revitalize civics education.
Ms. Rice denied wrongdoing after reports that she sought to learn the identities of associates of President Trump swept up in the electronic monitoring of foreigners.
Products and ideas surrounding eating, health and wellness that seem like a 1970s flashback (think turmeric and açai bowls) have gone mainstream.
On college applications, every so often, the kindness of a student can’t help shining through.
The chef plans a restaurant in the West Village where this food will be the focus and fresh.
Pasta with peas, a classic combination updated with farro spaghetti, makes for a quick springtime dinner.
Both the network and the rock band are gifts to the nation, according to the co-president of Fox.
A girl tells her mother she doesn’t like one of her friends anymore, and not for a sinister reason.
The judicial confirmation process is mirroring the mess in Congress.
The two selections for high-profile posts, both lawyers, have legal records on sexual assault that have alarmed some advocates.
Where other American presidents might have used the gas attack in Syria to call for the departure of Bashar al-Assad, Mr. Trump’s spokesman dismissed the notion as impractical.
Alex Eaton-Salners returns with a controversial character. By crossword standards, anyway.
Philip’s existential crisis reached what looked like a tipping point this week.
Here are two writing prompts — one scientific and the other creative — to respond to an intriguing video.
The president’s faith in his son-in-law is magical thinking.
Want to instigate change? Form or join a club, know the issues, gather money and allies, and exercise your political muscle.
Diversity’s threat to democracy, and the leadership we need.
Doing nothing shouldn’t be an option.
The controversy over a white artist&#8217;s painting of Emmett Till&#8217;s corpse raises issues of appropriation without historical context.
How will space travel be used in the future — for industry, countries, companies, and for ordinary, individual Earthlings?
The Republican senator on criticizing Trump and why everyone in Congress is so nice.
How far back can you recall events in your own life and how old were you when you first remembered them?
When a terrorist made a death threat against Gilles Kepel, France’s most famous scholar of Islam, it deepened his embroilment in a national debate over Muslim assimilation and extremism.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on what’s wrong with being litigious, an older relative’s love affair and revealing a buried secret.
With her art form in crisis, the soprano prepares for a poignant goodbye at the Met. But she has a second act in mind.
Lexington, Mass., is fighting the joy-killing, suicide-inducing performance anxiety so prevalent in turbocharged high schools. It has not been easy.
Early signs in special elections are consistent with a trend in which the party out of power benefits from strong turnout in off-year races.
Anger can be a natural, life-affirming emotion, if you let it be.
Scientists may have uncovered for the first time why taking deep breaths can be so calming.
In the early 1900s, Wrigley pitched its products as being good for children’s teeth.
Wednesday: Service changes for your trip to work, advice on escalators, and the opening of the American Museum of Natural History.
It’s easy: Just “find” some poetry in a Times article — any Times article. Teachers across the curriculum tell us it’s a great way to encourage close reading.
The deal, which runs through 2021, guarantees the players improved pay and bonuses, but not the equal pay with the men’s team they had sought.
The publicly available evidence had been limited, and not entirely convincing. But one recent report raised the possibility of a remarkable threat.
Thousands of children are fighting on front lines across the world, but there may be no area where the problem is as pernicious as the beat I cover.
The beverage company apologized for an ad featuring Kendall Jenner giving a smiling officer a soda at a protest.
The New York restaurant rises to first place from third in the 2017 rankings by hundreds of judges.
The shift, orchestrated by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, will also restore the positions of senior military and intelligence officials who had been downgraded.
I want to live as who I was, not as what this disease makes of me.
Mr. Trump declined to elaborate what he would do to respond to the attacks during a joint news conference with King Abdullah of Jordan in the Rose Garden.
Supporters cheered a plan to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure, but the proposed budget slashes funding.
Groups asked to ban chlorpyrifos from food within 30 days if the Environmental Protection Agency cannot prove it is safe.
The Australian city may not seem to rank as a top food destinations, but its marketing offensive was first-rate.
Feeling the absence of a sidewalk friendship that helped define whether the morning routine was on track.
The visit of President Xi Jinping of China will be a test of Mr. Trump’s ability to address global issues with an experienced leader.
Conservative groups moved quickly to shift the blame for the failure of a promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act onto some not-as-conservative Republicans.
Harvey Fierstein stars in Martin Sherman’s poignant new play about the relationship between a young Londoner and an American expat.
Damon Gulczynski plots out how to solve today’s crossword.
A bouncy revival of a Noël Coward classic re-establishes the Tony-winning Mr. Kline as one of the great physical comedians.
The defining sartorial style of the 2010s has begun to emerge.
There will never be another Arnold Palmer. But many of his endearing qualities can be found in the men competing at the Masters. Together they form golf’s composite King.
Do you think programs like Sesame Street make the U.S. smarter, stronger and safer? That’s what Stanley McChrystal, a retired Army general, argued in a Times op-ed.
What can be learned when young and old mentor each other?
Among the reader reactions: “I hate these people.”
The Syrian and North Korean problems can’t be solved by a simpleton.
Wilson’s late entry into the Great War changed history — and not necessarily for the better.
Mixing deep cuts in programs for the poor with gigantic outlays for defense and infrastructure spending, the president is taking an immense gamble.
A time to pick the right fights, while resisting the urge to announce a big splashy deal.
Rather than parachute in for quick assignments covering chaos, Thomas Kern worked away from the pack, taking his time to find moments and scenes of universal appeal.
Who should be held accountable for the chemical weapons attack — a war crime — in Syria?
On becoming a stepmother.
In bypassing a filibuster, Republicans abandoned long-held practices and will be able to confirm President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Neil M. Gorsuch, with a simple majority vote.
An awkward, soothing television tower, for Germans and expatriates alike.
The everyday breakfast trinity blessed with the raw heat of green chiles.
The New York Times asked readers who took a year off from college to share their experiences. Here’s what they said.
Taking a break from college to surf, wash dishes and, most important, break away from Mom and Dad.
New research questions the use of spying and suggests better approaches for worried parents.
Thursday: World War I in New York, lamenting the transit problems, and a study on subway ridership.
Can a four-legged creature with stripes be the key to training a four-legged creature without?
Optimum currency area theory, with fish.
Mr. Nunes, the Intelligence Committee chairman, said his decision came after “left-wing activist groups” filed accusations against him with the Office of Congressional Ethics.
What some Bolivians with the world’s healthiest arteries might tell us about cardiac fitness.
More than a decade after the honorific entered the dictionary and blanketed newsstands (as a magazine title), The Times conceded it was not a fad.
“The first 72 hours is important,” one influential youth coach says as Ewing, a legend at Georgetown for what he did on the court, starts trying to revive the Hoyas.
Rapidly losing and regaining weight may increase the risk for deadly heart attacks and strokes, a new study suggests.
People, especially minorities, who are at a “healthy” weight may still be at increased risk for diabetes and heart disease, a new study reports.
As happy hour gives way to angry politics, the business plans to donate proceeds to groups like Planned Parenthood.
Mei Lee, the owner of the small, plain-spoken restaurant, extracts magic from a simple turnip, while making art of homey dishes.
For over half a century, Mr. Rickles made outrageously derisive comments about people’s looks, their ethnicity or anything else he could think of.
The rising level of quality in the wines is lifting even the less exalted areas of the region.
The strike was in response to the Syrian government’s chemical weapons attack this week.
Processed snacks signified American comfort and belonging.
Gangsta Garden, a community garden in South Los Angeles founded by Ron Finley, has turned to business leaders from Newman’s Own Organics and Annie’s Homemade to save its land.
The Tdap vaccine is highly effective in protecting newborns against pertussis in the first two months of life, but less than half of women get it.
Closing New York’s main jail complex to put correctional facilities around the city is a tough sell politically. But it could be an improvement for criminal justice and no impediment to new condos.
Two women share a moment on Christmas Eve.
They’ve all been accused of sexual harassment.
With the removal of an extremist political adviser comes a chance to build a more disciplined National Security Council.
Happy Patrick Berry Day!
Patti LuPone and Christine Ebersole find the human factor in a repetitive musical about battling cosmetics magnates.
President Trump did the right thing in striking the Assad regime for using nerve gas. The hard part comes next.
Data-driven strategy is pushing teams away from the pressing that made German soccer so appealing and toward “packing,” a focus on moves that neutralize opponents.
Higher purpose with a solid bottom line does not have to be an oxymoron.
What if the Trump administration runs out of errors?
What makes Trump different from the rest of his party?
Would you say you are more of a “glass is half-full” or a “glass is half-empty” type of person?
What are the benefits of student journalists having autonomy over what they publish?
Like other communities, bars honor and remember those who say goodbye.
Some New Yorkers earn enough as hosts to quit their day jobs and plan for retirement.
Teachers, doctors and others in the public service loan forgiveness program seek guidance on whether they are truly eligible to erase their student loan debt.
The showing was the weakest in nearly a year and followed two robust increases. But unemployment fell to 4.5 percent, the lowest in almost a decade.
An error in a politics story and anonymity in a story about The Metropolitan Museum led to emails from readers.
This short documentary remembers the paleoanthropologist Mary Leakey, who discovered footprints of human ancestors on the African savanna.
Friday: Becoming a politician, weekend events, and a question inspired by Passover.
Julia, a new character on “Sesame Street,” gives me hope that my children will grow up in a world where autism is normalized.
Critics say mandating such a credential makes child care even less affordable and reduces the supply and diversity of people able to do the job.
When he walked off the mound to a standing ovation in the seventh inning, he had given up just three hits and two runs to the Atlanta Braves.
A flag-burning and jeering mobs greeted the visit to the capital by the American vice president.
Children whose parents have lunch debt will not be made to clean cafeteria tables or have their meals thrown away.
At this stage of the recovery, wage growth and employment-to-population ratio are more important statistics.
You may be iron deficient without being anemic, but since your body needs iron to make red blood cells, anemia may be just down the road.
What really motivated the president’s strike against Syria?
The attack showed the dangers of Russian and American forces’ operating in proximity. President Vladimir V. Putin called it a “significant blow” to the relationship.
He becomes the 113th justice of the Supreme Court, capping a political brawl that lasted for more than a year and tested constitutional norms inside the Capitol’s fraying upper chamber.
I visited a dead-quiet room at the Guggenheim as part of “PSAD Synthetic Desert III,” an installation by Doug Wheeler.
Near-zero interest rates were an extraordinary experiment in the financial crisis, but they may come back, with negative consequences for the economy.
The festive fruit salad or dessert inspired this billowing coconut dessert.
In August 2013, the Assad regime’s forces dropped chemical weapons on my hometown. It changed my life forever.
The crucial question is what comes next.
As NBC’s Saigon bureau chief, I played a central role in shaping how millions learned about Vietnam.
There is no evidence that the president has thought through the implications of using military force.
Jeff Chen lights up our Saturday solve.
The nonstop jingle, the noxious fumes — what’s a person to do about those annoying ice cream trucks idling in the neighborhood?
An experiment in distributing parents’ contributions equally across a district is one reason Malibu residents want to separate their schools from Santa Monica’s.
President Trump showed that the United States backs up its words with action.
Sentiment among Democrats and Republicans has swung sharply since November, creating a gap that — regardless of objective data — is wider than ever.
Joel Fagliano makes his Marching Bands debut.
President Trump’s decision to respond with military force to a chemical attack on Syrian civilians was met on the ground with a mix of optimism and doubt.
The defeated candidate, always careful as a politician in choosing her words, gives her first interview since the election.
The president my fellow believers elected is about to show them what betrayal really looks like.
No matter what obstacles are imposed by topography, by physics and by the budget process, a big, beautiful wall is what the president wants.
A perfectly lovely pronoun — and a bit of our dignity — retreat.
Why the military may end up guiding Trump’s foreign policy.
Don’t listen to President Trump. Going back to the good old days will cost us.
We use them to try to “get to know” people. It doesn’t work.
The Times tends to sacrifice routine game stories and coverage of the local teams for offbeat articles, investigative pieces and even bizarre features.
Byron Walden gets racy.
Editors, not reporters, generally write the headlines, hoping for inspiration while following a long list of rules.
The secretary of state called Russia “incompetent” for allowing Syria to retain chemical weapons and accused Moscow of trying to meddle in European elections.
Lonnie Burton makes his New York Times Crossword debut.
Playing in his 74th major tournament, García, 37, outdueled Justin Rose in a playoff to win the green jacket.
A sea of books yields a link to a source of a woman’s lifelong love of reading.
Lawsuits filed by Illinois and Washington against the Sallie Mae spinoff firm say high-risk loans were part of a growth strategy that has left former students buried in debt.
The task of moving people around the New York City area falls to a tangle of agencies. But when something goes awry, it’s up to Amtrak to sort it out.
Sergio García had long felt the disdain of fans put off by his attitude. But with a more mellow approach and an underdog’s charm, he won them over at the Masters.
No matter what Axe does, he will always be on the outside looking in — a Beverly Hillbilly in designer slacks.
The show reminds us that Hollywood is not an altruistic industry, particularly for a fading star.
We’ll be off from April 10-14, but we’ve left you many suggestions for while we’re away.
It would have been nice to return to the real world with a happy “Homeland” ending behind us, a fade into a comforting made-for-TV resolution. Oh well.
And other thoughts on the art of improvisation.
Instead of freedom, workers at companies like Uber have encountered low wages and coercion.
To get into elite colleges, one must train for standardized tests with the intensity of an athlete.
Hint: Winning news cycles is no substitute for the real thing.
Obama’s unwillingness to deal with Iraq opened the door to more mistakes to come.
On Syria, we would all do well to temper the self-congratulatory war speeches and thrusting of pom-poms.
In the months before and after the presidential election, Yana Paskova sought out the crowds that flocked to Trump Tower to better understand what led to the victory of Donald J. Trump.
The governor had been facing impeachment proceedings over his relationship with a longtime aide and his attempts to cover it up.
If a California measure is enacted, police agencies will face conflicting directives from the state and the federal government.
When a team changes course, it often does so with a new general manager. But the Yankees’ makeover has been directed by a man who has led them for two decades.
Mostly they fear retaliation, and for good reason, research shows.
What a half-century of medicine — and a population in the Amazon — can teach young people about living longer.
If a rude remark throws off a highly trained intensive care team, what happens to the rest of us?
Monday: Seder table conversation, spring recess activities, and urban mysteries.
Evidence has mounted about the dangers of taking multiple, perhaps unnecessary, medications.
Lonely nomads? Not so much.
After an investigation into a sales scandal at the bank, the board pinned most of the blame on its former chief executive and its former head of community banking.
Relatives of patients resuscitated against their instructions are increasingly willing to sue over “wrongful life.”
Boris V. Shekhtman, who taught Russian to many budding Moscow correspondents, “looked uncannily like the bad guy in ‘Rocky and His Friends’ and ‘The Bullwinkle Show.’ We were immediately captivated.”
Justice Antonin Scalia’s death set off a four-alarm journalistic fire that lasted 419 days, in which the Supreme Court’s decorum gave way to a political brawl.
He is now the 113th justice of the high court, a victory for President Trump in his push to shape the institution for decades to come.
President Trump is confronting North Korean aggression with a set of tools that has had limited success for the United States in the past.
The airline said the man was one of four who had been selected to be bumped from the flight. When he refused to leave, security officers pulled him out of the cabin.
Coverage of an abuse of an obscure law by the New York Police Department, Russian power and the Philippines drew some of the top awards.
A paradigm-shifting plan that will involve more cities, more teams and more profit. The event will be the first to include 48 teams instead of 32.
Daniel Berehulak&#8217;s gripping coverage in The New York Times of state-sanctioned killings in the Philippines and E. Jason Wambsgans&#8217;s chronicling for the Chicago Tribune of a 10-year-old gunshot victim&#8217;s recovery were awarded the P...
Led by Sergio Garcia of Spain, golfers from Europe occupied five of the first eight places.
The head of coffee at Locol, the California fast-food chain, sells a high-quality cup for just $1. Now he wants to make good coffee more accessible, in every way.
Maia proves to be a character with no moral center or desires of her own.
Paulo Dybala of Juventus will face off against Barcelona’s Lionel Messi on Tuesday — a chance to see how close the resemblance between the two Argentines has become.
Tracing the roots of a significant relationship to a chance encounter with a spiritual leader.
Official explanations for President Trump’s airstrikes on a Syrian base have only deepened confusion over his intentions and the legal basis for his unilateral use of force.
Administration officials have described starkly different foreign policies since last week’s cruise missile strike, and President Trump has yet to clarify.
After waiting 108 years between titles, the Cubs returned as champions in their home opener, a first for Wrigley Field. And the raising of the World Series banner was appropriately held up by rain.
Diane Roseman makes her New York Times Crossword debut — assisted by her son, the constructor Zachary Spitz.
No sign of “Saul,” but Jimmy’s right where we left him. As for the proprietor of a certain fast-food chicken chain ...
A new crop of high-tech companies have designed programs aimed at helping people prevent or even reverse their diabetes.
If Trump cuts Amtrak and other funding, the region could be facing a transportation apocalypse.
The life of the mind, then and now.
Syria is just one place where Putin is pushing the administration. The White House must push back.
What motivated millions of young Americans to fight in, and protest against, Vietnam?
A climate change strategy even Big Oil can love: a carbon tax, especially one that cuts regulations while paying dividends to Americans.
So much of what is worthwhile requires us to choose discomfort.
People from nutrition geeks to philosophers are using a metaphor from software to describe the world.
A historian of conservatism looks back at how he and his peers failed to anticipate the rise of the president.
Six confounding trade-offs in any tax deal show why this puzzle will probably prove arduous.
In our new column connecting readers with books, a busy dad seeks the new Updike and a grandmother hunts for heroines for her 7-year-old twin granddaughters.
Tuesday: Tax questions common in New York, radiant weather, and staying safe from security scams.
The secretary of state said the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, must end his alliance with the Syrian leader, Bashar al-Assad, or risk becoming irrelevant in the Middle East.
A small Francophile community, lured by Harlem’s sense of community and storied history, has sprung up, and along with it have come French restaurants.
Criticizing euro policies isn&#8217;t an endorsement of the FN.
After a short career covering offbeat stories for The Times, Mark Hawthorne left silently in 1969, re-emerging as the “Hate Man” of Berkeley, Calif.
At a yakitori restaurant in Hell’s Kitchen, each bit of the bird, cooked separately, has a different pleasure to offer.
In a declassified report, White House officials said the Syrian and Russian governments sought to confuse the world about the assault through disinformation and “false narratives.”
A home cook in Britain is coaxed into sharing her recipe.
Addressing the moral and religious concerns would weaken Republican control of the issue.
The New York Times crossword editor, Will Shortz, ran a puzzle by a man in prison, but some said they were appalled by his crime.
The videos cast an unwelcome light not just on United, but on the airline industry’s efforts to maximize profits.
Men 55 to 69 should discuss the pros and cons of prostate cancer screening with their doctors, an expert panel recommends.
After a lifetime of stomach problems, Josiah Zayner declared war on his own body’s microbes.
Mr. Spicer, the White House spokesman, apologized after incorrectly stating, in a criticism of the Syrian president, that Hitler had not used chemical weapons.
Unlike the rest of the world, Americans turn to pork for the holiday. But this could be the year to start looking at another meat.
A passenger is yanked from his seat, and that’s only one of the indignities of air travel.
A man has trouble getting his wife’s attention when he sees someone famous on a Greenwich Village street.
Accusations that President Trump is too close to Russia have given way to a new toughness demonstrated by the administration.
Emily Carroll returns with an offer to pay her way.
Elizabeth and Philip bid someone a sad farewell and learn some troubling news about the past.
A surprisingly close seven-point victory in a deep-red district suggests that the G.O.P. is heading for trouble in 2018.
Identifying myself as disabled never felt right. A friendship with Oliver Sacks helped me understand why.
President Trump could fill as many as five of the Federal Reserve’s seven seats. Politics must be kept out of the nomination process.
The real turning point in the judicial wars happened in 1990.
A strategy built on territory won’t ultimately eliminate the terrorist group.
His 1967 visit helped change how America saw deprivation. But not enough.
Two exhibits opening this month showcase the work of Todd Webb, who arrived in New York in 1945 with a view camera and an insatiable curiosity.
Most complaints against imitations depend on a hard nature-versus-art distinction, one that never really holds up.
Four years after her debut album, the pop prodigy is back with a testimonial to heartbreak and solitude.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on cognitive disability and the nature of consent, and what an employee owes to an employer.
For voters in the United States, party affiliation is a way to express a bundle of identities.
Runners tended to live about three more years than nonrunners, even if they run slowly or sporadically and smoke, drink or are overweight.
Even the act of paying your taxes can be a mindful one.
Wednesday: A “shared street” in Manhattan, a sleepover for grown-ups and a sticker design contest.
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia appeared unable to agree on the facts on contentious issues, much less improve relations.
The former news anchor on new media, quality journalism and “Friday Night Lights.”
Being obese, smoking or having high cholesterol, hypertension or diabetes in midlife is associated with brain changes of Alzheimer’s years later.
New York counties that banned trans fats in foods showed steeper declines in heart disease than those that didn’t have trans fat restrictions.
President Trump’s hopes for an alliance faded as he and his administration publicly chastised President Vladimir V. Putin.
Westbrook's rather outrageous regular season must be considered the single greatest season by any athlete ever, right? No? Here are some other contenders.
How the airline industry and passengers came to find themselves navigating unfriendly skies.
Actually, their performance looks pretty good by comparison.
All he did was make a bizarre and disgusting comparison between Assad and Hitler. Why is everyone so upset?
Each installment of “Fast and Furious” is more enjoyably ludicrous than the last, even as the death of the star Paul Walker continues to hang over the franchise.
The sculptor Arturo Di Modica said Wall Street’s bronze girl, meant to symbolize female empowerment, distorts the meaning of his work.
Just when all seemed lost, a different perspective saved the day.
Russians thought they would have a pal in the White House, but relations between the two countries are as tense as ever.
Do transgender people have an obligation to be open about their history?
Startling shifts on China and the Export-Import Bank and the possible reappointment of the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve show financiers may be gaining the upper hand over the populists.
The representatives of United Airlines and the White House both found themselves grappling with the increasingly common ritual: the public apology.
The return of Mike Shteyman.
This magician’s “In & Of Itself” is a solo show about how we see ourselves and how others see us.
Twenty-six years ago, a Times editor smuggled a piece of an exploded Scud missile out of Saudi Arabia. Today it sits in an exhibit in The Times’s newsroom.
Let’s compare the president and Alabama’s new former chief executive.
Making a court vacancy a highly visible part of a Republican electoral strategy stamps the court as an electoral prize, pure and simple.
Members of Congress facing furious crowds could learn a lesson from social science and start treating protesters as individuals.
Don’t just hold a sign. Experts share how to resist and get results.
After The Lancet ran a series of papers on preventing stillbirths, Matthieu Zellweger was assigned to capture how parents dealt with their loss.
The economic and political gap between cities and rural counties is even wider than we realized. Can the Democrats do anything about it?
The decline was too precipitous to be Alzheimer’s. What was it?
From “Idiocracy” to “Silicon Valley,” the writer and director has established himself as America’s foremost chronicler of its own self-destructive tendencies.
When a long winter leaves you feeling depressed and deprived, let this bright and warm avgolemono rice revive you.
‘Norman: The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer,’ Joseph Cedar’s latest film, pits Jew against Jew on the fringes of power and influence.
People don’t always act “rationally.” Nudges might be able to lead to better doctors and healthier patients.
Having an ulcer is like being a contestant on a twisted game show called “What to Eat?”
Adam Kirsch and Liesl Schillinger discuss the art yielded by populist and elite mind-sets.
For dying patients, a new book argues that palliative care methods are often better than the typical intensive care unit approach.
Thursday: Cuomo’s Excelsior Scholarship, a string of wonderful weather, and the New Yorker who invented Scrabble.
A surprised gasp during a physical exam underscores the need for better medical training on transgender health.
Although the Knicks beat the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night, the victory meant nothing. It was the contrast in team philosophies that was striking.
Will the Cavaliers and Warriors meet in the finals for the third year in a row? Who will win the superstar battle between Russell Westbrook and James Harden?
Contrary to some assumptions, Taylor may turn out to be Axe’s truest protégé and disciple.
In the end, the show said something quite old-fashioned, but no less essential.
The comments by Xi Jinping reflected fears that tensions between the North and the United States and its allies in Asia could spiral into military conflict.
What did the event organizers say motivated them? What do they hope will result from the March for Science?
Why are more Americans moving to other countries for job opportunities—and would you consider becoming one of them?
Campus protests against speakers like Richard Spencer are not censorship. They help secure the basic rights of others.
Not only is the movement against Trump still strong, but it appears to be getting stronger.
Still eating brains after all these years.
Demonizing and bullying Iran is not likely to be as effective as dialogue and seeking cooperation from them.
After my husband’s death, I set out to learn everything I could about how kids persevere through adversity.
They can take out terrorists and train armies. But they can’t win wars.
Anna Ivantsova&#8217;s images pair traditional photographic portraits of her subjects with computerized depictions of their ideal partners.
Accidents and congestion at Penn Station and maintenance issues plague Amtrak. It needs a new Hudson River tunnel. But it could face major funding cuts.
This isn’t science fiction. A number of start-ups as well as big aerospace firms are trying to build personal aircraft you could fly around town.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Research shows treatment for substance abuse disorders is a great value for society, but many programs have long waiting lists.
Patients recover equally well and may experience fewer complications with outpatient rehabilitation, studies show.
Parents can help by starting to talk to children at an early age about numbers in everyday life.
Monday: The state poet laureate, Holocaust Remembrance Day, and a neighbor’s poem.
The first of two new restaurants in the Seagram Building opens May 2, with dishes and décor that evoke 1958.
How a refugee from Bolshevik Russia became the ultimate apostle of American anti-Communism.
Marine Le Pen has a plausible path to victory in France. Arrogance would be Macron’s worst enemy.
Proponents of a tough stance on illegal entry have taken top jobs in the Trump administration, and they are seeing their ideas become policy.
Most patients in a large study either took less of the lifesaving medicines than needed or stopped taking the drugs entirely within two years.
Drinking sugary beverages is associated with markers of accelerated aging and early signs of Alzheimer’s disease, a new study reports.
Fighting food waste, a British team enlists a Bronx brewery, and plans to sell the beer in stores, restaurants and bars.
Far-right populism has not fully crystallized electorally in Europe, though the issues that have animated the movements are not going anywhere.
Newly released voting data shows another example of voter enthusiasm that could help in the party’s long-shot goal to win back the House next year.
Jack H. Jones Jr. died at 7:20 p.m., and Marcel Williams at 10:33 p.m., both from the injection of a three-drug combination, after a flurry of failed, last-ditch appeals.
“In a Pickle,” at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, is “The Winter’s Tale” for 2- through 5-year-olds. More emphasis on the sheep, less on the scary stuff.
Republicans may control Washington, but the president’s insistence on money for his proposed border wall has turned a sure thing into a major drama.
Mr. Trump has done the bidding of businesses that gave millions, while failing to fulfill his promises to the middle class.
Meeting a friendly police horse on a stroll after work.
Gary Whitehead reminds us of the most important life lesson of all.
This epic musical about an amnesiac princess suffers from its own identity crisis.
Mainstays such as Alex Rodriguez and David Ortiz are gone, providing the next generation of players an opportunity to write a new chapter in an old feud.
Like most good antagonists, Gus and Chuck seem to think they know what’s best for everyone.
Women spoke of the gratitude they felt when friends came through in times of crisis, but also of their disappointment when friends let them down.
What’s the story behind this photo?
California provides support for foster care kids until they turn 21. I couldn’t pursue a degree without it.
The president wants to cut funding for N.O.A.A., a linchpin in keeping American fishing afloat.
Learning to do good from the master.
A plan to build a barrier to seal off South Vietnam from the North was rejected as ridiculously expensive in the 1960s. But the idea lived on.
Left, center and right still aren’t taking it seriously enough, in the U.S. or elsewhere.
Gail Collins and Matt Labash on dogs we love and politicians we don’t.
A portrait series looks at Mexican grandmothers in New York who are the economic and cultural anchors of their families.
A question posed without a question mark becomes something else entirely.
Sports betting offers the prospect of restoring an older, purer version of fandom — rooting for teams over players.
Will the flying car be commonplace in the near future?
Mark Zuckerberg now acknowledges the dangerous side of the social revolution he helped start. But is the most powerful tool for connection in human history capable of adapting to the world it created?
Vineyards and culinary marvels beckon in the austere backcountry of the Valle de Guadalupe in Mexico.
Over the past century, it has grown from an abstract notion into a sprawling system of barriers and rules — one that stretches far beyond the country’s perimeter.
Raw and quirky, Valle de Guadalupe is drawing 20- and 30-somethings with modern, design-y wineries and a grit that can’t be found in Napa or Sonoma.
At some city public schools, worksheets are out, passion projects are in, but some say the push against homework favors families with money and time.
The crucial issues are whether the president is aligned with House Republicans, whether he is keeping his campaign promises and whether his proposal has a chance of passing.
A reader (and writer) of memoirs notes that dysfunction and disease haunt the genre. What can he read that’s trauma-free?
Tuesday: Remembering the “First Lady of Song,” soggy weather, and narrating Brooklyn’s past.
Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House oversight committee, said Michael T. Flynn also appeared to have inappropriately accepted payments without seeking permission.
A growing number of speech language therapists cater to transgender clients seeking to retrain their voices.
The reboot of Danny Meyer’s first restaurant replicates much of the look, taste and comfort that made the original so popular.
Students see live-streaming video of classrooms as an intrusion, prompting a debate in China about privacy, educational ethics and helicopter parenting.
Copper & Kings, in Kentucky, is just one of many distillers, large and small, betting that brandy will be the next big brown liquor.
Salt has a greater impact on flavor than anything else. Learn to use it well, and your food will be good.
After an extended break from competition, Azarenka is training in her native Belarus with a new coach and a new traveling companion: her infant son.
To understand the appeal of political figures who mangle the truth, it helps to understand the wrestling concept of “kayfabe.”
When a public figure utters a slur and news organizations use euphemisms to describe it, a question comes up: Who’s really being protected?
A group including Jeter and Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor and presidential candidate, is said to have reached an agreement in principle to buy the Miami Marlins.
The documentary peers over the shoulders of journalists at The New York Times as they decide who merits obituaries and then go about the delicate business of writing them.
A federal judge in California temporarily halted the administration’s efforts to withhold funding from cities that limit their cooperation with federal immigration enforcement.
Mayor Bill de Blasio’s administration has a plan that would strip the garment district in Manhattan of special zoning protections.
Humming during a checkup, and getting an unlikely accompaniment.
Even if it is eliminated by the Toronto Raptors, a team with more playoff experience, Milwaukee has budding stars like Malcolm Brogdon, Giannis Antetokounmpo and Thon Maker.
The moves to expand offshore drilling and roll back conservation on public lands would begin to fulfill a campaign promise to create thousands of jobs in energy.
The blueprint, expected to be announced on Wednesday, jettisons a House Republican proposal to impose a tax on imports, which would help offset the cuts.
Earnhardt Jr., a buoyant personality compared to his famous, and gruff, father, served as a bridge between Nascar eras and was a huge hit with racing fans.
The author has prowled the streets of the Italian city for over 15 years, wondering the whole time why there are so few other people doing the same thing.
The college junior Trenton Charlson makes his crossword debut with a topic that might be familiar to many college students.
Corey Hawkins soars as a great pretender in this otherwise earthbound revival of John Guare’s masterwork.
Bit by bit, Elizabeth the patriot is learning to cede space to Elizabeth the wife and mother.
How are readers benefited by seeking out, and finishing, books they dislike?
Port Arthur, the famous prison that housed the British Empire’s toughest convicts in the 19th century, is facing an onslaught from the sea.
Threats and rhetoric have given way to a more complicated reality, and fiscal policy that can do more damage than bad trade deals.
Passing judgment on Trump’s first 100 days.
One top university’s efforts with underprivileged students stand out.
Oh, and there’s this yogi with a flowing white beard and golf clothes.
The agenda of the pre-New Deal G.O.P. offers a way forward in the 21st century.
What are the facts and figures on energy jobs, and distribution by type of energy, around the United States?
It will take more than a U.S. presidential election, a few months of solid global growth and a recovery in oil prices to fix it.
Yassine Alaoui Ismaili captures Casablanca&#8217;s moments of wry humor in a loving look at the Moroccan city he calls home.
Do you believe that U.F.O.s are actually signs of alien life — or do you think these sightings are explainable some other way?
Carly Zakin and Danielle Weisberg on their popular news digest and targeting millennials while remaining nonpartisan.
Finding reliable, affordable child care can be enough of a challenge at home. Where does one even begin to get help on the road? Here are five tips.
So much of the pleasure is tied to touch.
For the Frugal Family, the appeal of an all-inclusive resort came from the child care and the possibility of a vacation that would feel like a vacation.
The 74-year-old force behind the avant-garde label Comme des Garçons makes otherworldly clothes that express hidden desires and fears.
Michael Weinstein’s AIDS Healthcare Foundation treats an enormous number of patients — and makes an enormous amount of money. Is that why so many activists distrust him?
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on what to take into account when adopting a pet, protecting a stepsibling from your mother and what defines ethnicity.
Fasting before exercise may have beneficial effects on fat cells.
Researchers say talking to people who have been through an experience leads to better decisions.
Go ahead and get a little dirty with this meditative practice.
Wednesday: A major transit update, a documentary about obituaries, and the #MuseumInstaSwap.
Despite its history as a public institution with free entry to all, the museum is considering a mandatory charge to help address budget deficits.
Trent Dilfer, Jayson Stark and Ed Werder were among the numerous big names laid off.
While the Junior Naval Scouts encouraged enlistment in New York City, young German soldiers in France reached the end of their fighting days.
President Trump on Wednesday proposed sharp reductions in both individual and corporate income tax rates, and also called for the elimination of most itemized tax deductions.
Mr. Demme, an auteur whose films included documentaries and narrative features, won an Academy Award for “The Silence of the Lambs.”
People who drank one to six artificially sweetened drinks a week had a higher risk of stroke or dementia.
In some ways, this is the story of a fictional, dystopic future. In others, it could be any moment in the history of female oppression.
The chairman, Ajit Pai, said high-speed internet service should no longer be treated like a public utility with strict rules but should largely be left to police itself.
German scientists used Oktoberfest to show that moderate social drinking may lead to arrhythmias.
In evening telephone calls with the president of Mexico and the prime minister of Canada, President Trump said he would quickly start the process of renegotiating Nafta — not end it.
Boris Akunin’s take on Shakespeare’s broody prince is full of intrigue, but it often feels like a “Hamlet” highlight reel.
The plan lacks many details, but one group of losers seems to be upper-middle-income people in blue states.
For all of the president’s talk of helping ordinary Americans, they’re not the big beneficiaries of his plan.
There are three rules that states could apply to waive in the newest proposed revision to the Republicans’ health care plan.
The college has become a magnet for groups who seek to use the site of the birth of the Free Speech Movement as a staging ground for violence and disruption.
Misinterpreting a friendly glance on the subway.
Take a gigantic gift for the rich and, just to provide cover, throw in a few crumbs for average families.
The White House insists that economic growth will offset its proposed tax cuts, but many economists disagree, creating a moment of truth for conservatives.
Todd Gross gives us twice as much bang for the buck.
Laura Osnes and Corey Cott star in a new Broadway musical, set in 1945, about a musician, a singer, trauma and healing.
Nikki’s description of the blunders she knows about is dead-on. That doesn’t mean she’s safe from committing her own.
United Airlines, still trying to regain its footing after a video showed a traveler being violently dragged off a plane, on Thursday outlined new measures meant to prevent such episodes in the future.
What would you do if you weren’t afraid?
Now that the Supreme Court has nine members, the pursuit of consensus may become a thing of the past.
A pivot from “repeal and replace” to “repair and rebrand” could be smart politics for the president.
A group known for attacking climate science has set its sights on America’s public schools.
Who expected 100 days of dull?
The formation of a new Girl Scout troop serves as a catalyst to form more support groups for homeless children.
The black upper middle class is ascending the economic ladder at a faster rate than its white counterpart.
Released in 1987, the videos offer some rather esoteric lessons.
No one could figure out the problem — until it was too late.
What might be lost, or gained, when students and teachers work under daily camera surveillance?
Jessica B. Harris’s soupe au pistou will take you from spring through summer, with your pot reflecting the bounty of the seasons.
A new Netflix series aims to explore the trauma behind the heroine. Is there a risk to rewriting a beloved book?
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson wants to restructure the department before he fills top posts, an aide said — a timeline that alarms many of its veterans.
The home of past-century wonders like the Brooklyn Bridge returns to building cable-stayed bridges, which are designed to “stand the test of time.”
Thursday: Unpacking an old saying, drizzly weather, and opening a new Kosciuszko Bridge.
Serena Williams won the Australian Open in her eighth week of pregnancy, a time when many women are dead tired and suffering from morning sickness.
It was a new experience to look down at the pouch plastered on my belly with alarm that it was clean.
Two New York Times reporters were on hand, in a media room, when the state executed an inmate before a lethal injection drug was set to expire.
White House officials portrayed the president’s reversals as a vindication of his management style, saying he had brought Mexico and Canada to the negotiating table.
Our June 16-Aug. 25 contest will be judged by Times journalists, and winners will be published on The Learning Network each week. Join us!
House Republican leaders failed Thursday to round up enough votes for their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
The tracks will be closed during the workweek this summer, but the railroad’s chief executive refused to say how many tracks would be closed or for how long.
For more than a century, The New York Times Index guided readers precisely where they needed to go, and offered concise summaries of world events.
The risks and rewards of starting from an extreme negotiating position. (It’s trickier in politics than it is in business.)
After two seasons of Knicks dysfunction, can anyone be surprised that Porzingis has publicly grown tired of team leadership?
The city’s lone Burmese restaurant brings the rings and chain links of the Burmese alphabet to a Brooklyn street otherwise inscribed in English, Russian and Mandarin.
Conventional wisdom about this sparkling red may pose an obstacle, but drinking the wine will revise many opinions.
The sweetness and the German on the label may present obstacles, but these wines are too thrilling and versatile to ignore.
The casual racism of “Oriental Chop Chop” or “Secret Asian Man” tells us a lot about who we think is authentically American.
A look at what the health bill would do, who it would affect, and how it changed to get more lawmakers to yes.
Emma Watson and Tom Hanks star in this adaptation of a Dave Eggers novel that explores surveillance-state threats.
In a conceptual exercise, actors audition for roles in the celebrated case as a way of showing how people are still preoccupied by it.
The league weighs, measures and pokes its aspiring employees, whose medical histories and genes are analyzed as if they were Wagyu cattle.
People with Type 2 diabetes had brain changes in areas related to memory and planning.
Giving away costly reproductive treatments by the luck of the draw makes clear our Las Vegas-style culture of medicine, where you have to ante up for better care.
Getting acquainted with a neighborhood pet.
While many fans defended Mr. O’Reilly after his departure from Fox News, some network viewers said harassment accusations against him were worrisome.
The vast majority of benefits would go to the highest earners and largest holders of wealth, analysts said, setting up a battle over the government’s strained resources.
A tug of war between your brain and David Steinberg’s.
Lucas Hnath’s “A Doll’s House, Part 2,” funny and illuminating, dares to wonder what Ibsen’s Nora Helmer has been up to since she slammed that door.
If the school you currently attend — or one you went to at any point in your life — could be relocated anywhere, where would you want to move it, and why?
Read how the other side thinks: Debating the resonance of “The Handmaid’s Tale,” why the left should tolerate anti-abortion Democrats and why the media bubble is worse than you thought.
Reaganism is dead. Conservatives need to accept the party’s new, nationalist stance.
The Trump administration is seeking to eliminate rules that keep the internet open. This will only enrich broadband providers.
The revised Republican health care bill would make vulnerable Americans pay even more for less coverage.
Trump is like one of those creatures that skim on the surface, having little effect.
We’re in a place and time where childish petulance drives policy.
The Trump administration is a nepotistic operation that puts family interests ahead of country.
How are voters feeling now about Mr. Trump’s presidency?
A legacy of truth, decency and defense of the persecuted.
The New York Times’s use of tax terms prompts emails. And, is a column showing houses priced mostly at and above $1 million relatable to readers?
Much less planning goes into cohabitation than into a wedding, but it is, in many ways, a bigger legal, financial and emotional step.
Before the machines become smart enough to replace humans, as some people fear, they need to be taught.
In this 2012 short documentary, Joseph Herscher builds Rube Goldberg machines in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
My daughter’s adolescence arrived with my 60th year, and the girl had a mean left jab. Were we both getting too old for horseplay?
Friday: Angling season in New York, weekend events and a milestone at the Temple of Dendur.
When the Danish Embassy in Beijing posted online about an invasive species clogging the shores back home, it drew a more enthusiastic response than it bargained for.
The U.S. leads the free world in its helplessness before the dissolution of its most cherished values.
The government said gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 0.7 percent in the first quarter, a three-year low, as consumer spending let up.
As their nation prepares to host next year’s World Cup, hard-core fans — in top fighting shape from organized brawls and mixed-martial-arts training — are facing a crackdown.
A psychological quirk leads us to remember headwinds more than tailwinds. But if we recall our advantages, we will be closer to reducing inequality.
My grandmother worked. My mother worked. But I’m the only one who was encouraged to seek fulfillment in a career.
The Public Theater’s Mobile Unit winds up its five-borough tour of Shakespeare’s comedy about mistaken identity.
Ideas for weaving any day’s Times into classes across the curriculum without a lot of advance planning.
A high-end event founded by Ja Rule and the entrepreneur Billy McFarland was supposed to feature shows and yachts. Attendees found chaos instead.
Much has improved in Los Angeles since violence exploded over the beating of an unarmed black man, Rodney King, by the police. But lately, many say they believe more unrest is likely.
Even the smallest changes in a team’s crest can cause rifts with fans, which often multiply when shared on social media.
Before roasting, marinate chicken thighs with tarragon to perfume the meat.
The National Security Agency program was one of the most disputed forms of surveillance.
The anticipated shake-up comes at an inopportune time for the group, with several major pieces of conservative legislation on the agenda in Congress.
Offred’s predicament grows more surreal.
Vietnamese rice noodle bowls are festooned with lemongrass-scented shrimp, a sweet-and-spicy sauce and piles of fresh herbs.
Millions of Americans would have the chance to cut their taxes by essentially turning themselves into small business entities.
How about a reasonable conversation on what to do about our warming planet?
Inside the process of choosing a winner for the Modern Love college essay contest, which received nearly 2,000 submissions.
I’m terrible at surfing. Then why do it? Because the freedom to fail without caring is revelatory.
Holding its draft in the home of the underdog, Philadelphia, the league is faced with an undercurrent of worrisome trends, including a startling decline in TV viewership.
An Education Department study found that students who switched to private schools under the system had lower results than their peers, but found their new schools safer by a large margin.
Before the season, the Mets were regarded as the team of today, while the Yankees were seen as building for the future. So far this season, it has not worked out that way.
We must understand and honor the past in order to learn from and not repeat it.
The Trump administration could play as comedy, if not for its vast capacity to harm the vulnerable.
Martin Ashwood-Smith helps us conquer a large swath of the Saturday puzzle right off the bat.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon train us to solve.
As Washington evaluates the first 100 days of Mr. Trump tenure, the one consensus is that, for better or worse, the capital has headed deep into uncharted territory.
The Republic stands, but it’s a long time until noon Jan. 20, 2021.
Why France’s populist tribune is different from Donald Trump.
In the world’s biggest office, he has modeled a whole new smallness.
Liberals are discovering what conservatives have known for years: Negative energy is a powerful force.
The agency’s new chief wants to gut the net neutrality rules that keep powerful broadband companies in check.
It’s only been 100 days. Give him time, they say.
Alan Arbesfeld talks to us.
Some observers say the Arsenal manager has seemed weary lately, leading to speculation that he may leave the position he has held for 21 seasons.
The new Excelsior Scholarship, for use at the state’s public campuses, is “huge” for qualifying in-state families when weighed against the costs of private colleges.
There has been a sharp downturn in reports of sexual assault and domestic violence among Latinos in the months since the presidential election.
The two leaders spoke late on Saturday and addressed the Philippines’ violent campaign against drugs, which has been condemned by human rights groups and many Western governments.
Overfishing is depleting oceans across the globe, but China’s enormous appetite and massive fleet of deep-sea fishing vessels is having an outsize impact.
Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahad al-Sabah, a power broker in soccer and the Olympic movement, said he would quit amid allegations that he bribed Asian officials.
Closers are the swaggering stars of many a bullpen. They are measured and rewarded by a statistic that may be overrated or mysteriously appropriate.
This production is a hybrid of concert and theater, a combination that has become the signature of the Ensemble for the Romantic Century.
Chelsea under Antonio Conte is ruthless and it is clinical, and that is why it will almost surely be the Premier League champion.
The administration is bracing for an avalanche of criticism after the president embraced Rodrigo Duterte, who has led a deadly crackdown on drugs in the Philippines.
The transportation hub serving about 650,000 daily passengers desperately needs an overhaul. So far, the New York governor’s plans don’t begin to address the problems.
Ed Sessa takes things way too literally.
Modern tools of communication make it possible to spread lies with lightning speed. But conspiracy theories are nothing new.
After the Rangers blew a late two-goal lead in Game 2 against the Senators, Coach Alain Vigneault says, “Minutes are based on how you’re playing, not experience.”
Targeting a hipster icon with a corny prank.
As school districts struggle under the burden of unpaid lunch debt, many of them resort to tactics that stigmatize children.
This week, Kevin Sr. goes a-wandering: What’s a little cultural appropriation when you’ve got a solid messiah complex?
Congressional leaders reached a spending agreement on Sunday, aides from both parties said, effectively ending the threat of a government shutdown next weekend.
It’s a wonderful feeling to get hoodwinked by masterly plotting, and this episode is the long-term play that has been brewing all season long.
This metropolis was once a total work of art, epitomizing the religious and political system that ran China for millennia. The remnants of that time are being restored anew.
New York’s subway is struggling with old infrastructure and overcrowding. The M.T.A.’s failure to modernize its signal system is a crucial example.
Cetys University is making an ambitious bid to become the first Mexican member of the N.C.A.A.
How are leeches used to treat various medical conditions in Russia?
Justice Roberts was right. The Trump administration should not have the power to revoke the citizenship of “anyone they want.”
Beating back the radical right is clearly possible. But the work isn’t done yet.
In an era of purchased influence, why can’t former President Barack Obama set a higher standard?
In Trump world, facts don’t matter, truth doesn’t matter, language doesn’t matter.
Trump supporters will never admit they were wrong.
President Trump has insisted that the bill would not allow discrimination against people with pre-existing conditions, an assertion contradicted by health policy experts.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Spinal manipulation and other therapies seem at least as effective and safe as more traditional treatment.
The deaths were the third instance in a month of American-led airstrikes possibly killing civilians or allies in the fight against the Islamic State.
As the ruling party expands the ranks of its enemies, life in a fragile democracy becomes stranger and stranger.
Road closings during marathons can lead to treatment delays that may be fatal.
The bill, which is expected to pass, would make Canada the second nation to completely legalize marijuana as a consumer product.
The legislation nullifies a rule barring state and local governments from withholding federal funding for family planning services, regardless of whether they performed abortions.
At a small restaurant in East Williamsburg, the usual Middle Eastern dishes turn intense: brighter, earthier, smokier, creamier.
Our newly relocated bureau chief follows an interview at the Vatican with a search for unleavened bread.
The closing of a store that made social justice the fabric of its business offers lessons about fashion and the meaning of resistance.
At first, he thought maybe the woman in the elevator was from a utility company. Then things got interesting.
It’s no longer just scary speeches. Now as attorney general he has the machinery to make his immigration nightmare real.
The president’s tone differs from that of Republicans in Congress, who have repeatedly promised a smooth transition away from the law they call Obamacare.
Andrew Kingsley returns.
Bartlett Sher’s masterly production of J.T. Rogers’s drama about the Oslo Accords is reborn as the colossus it was always meant to be.
Two of the French candidate’s associates have longtime links to Nazi sympathizers and have been central to the National Front’s campaign finance scandals.
A year after the armed occupation of a federal wildlife refuge, new and old players wage battle over what and whom the lands are for.
The American system of filing taxes is infuriatingly complex. It could be much simpler if tax prep companies didn’t interfere.
The Trump administration has put chemical industry toadies between our food and public safety.
New York’s “free” tuition program is a truly bad attempt at improving higher ed.
The president adopts a bargaining tactic that’s both nasty and stupid.
Marine Le Pen’s road to victory is clear enough. Can a pragmatist stop the extreme right?
Cost-sharing reductions could make or break the Obamacare markets, and President Trump is talking about them as a possible bargaining chip.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
Get out in the first 60 seconds. Don’t open the door.
Will an oil pipeline proposed for tribal lands destroy the Ramapough Lenape Nation along the New Jersey-New York border? Or will it be the catalyst that once again unites the tribe?
Did The Times fail to give due credit to an artist in its profile of another’s work? And should the paper have memorialized an actress? Plus some questions on word choice.
In the high-stakes casino of fertility treatment, some pay large sums upfront for the promise of a baby — or a refund. Doctors tend to pick patients with the best odds of success.
With vacant lots hard to come by and buyers clamoring for ever-larger homes, even a house built little more than a decade ago might be a candidate for a teardown.
Some on the right say they feel betrayed, but others endorse the president’s lack of rigidity and are rallying around him under what they see as relentless attacks.
I grew up constantly flitting from place to place, but my husband’s roots are strong and sturdy.
Friday: The evolution of Easter bonnets, weekend events, and an anniversary for Jackie Robinson.
This superstar soprano has been retiring her signature roles one by one, and however her career evolves, she should be proud of this magnificent performance at the Met.
Beijing urged an end to “mutual provocation and threats,” cautioning that tensions on the Korean Peninsula could run out of control.
Jeff Roth is the caretaker of the paper’s vast and eclectic archive, a trove of analog files, pictures and other historical material.
In an administration whose visuals run toward roomfuls of white men, Nikki Haley is capitalizing on her public stage.
The plainclothes ‘jump-out boys,’ long the subject of complaints, were disbanded after seven members were charged with stealing drugs, firearms and money.
Stuffing a butterflied tenderloin with shallots, herbs and capers keeps the dryness-prone meat juicy and giving.
Some worried that legalized cannabis would infringe on the wine business, but the two industries have embraced their shared agricultural base.
No, it&#8217;s not menial.
Anthony retains a no-trade clause that gives him final say over where he is dealt, but Jackson, the team president, made his preference clear.
The success of nations involves a mysterious alchemy that leaves space for civilized disagreement.
Mr. Taylor’s work was instrumental in the creation of the internet, the modern personal computer and the mouse.
For an athlete switching sports, his best years are behind him before they were ever in front of him.
Nothing brings this sports designer joy and inspiration like the blinding outfits of some 1970s baseball teams.
I was 16, a high school junior from rural Connecticut, where teenage boys kept their hair short and girls wore dresses that fell below their knees.
They need more than protection; they need the chance to develop survival skills.
Let’s send one small feminist on a national tour.
There are a lot of holes in the scholarship program, but that hasn’t kept the governor out of adverb overdrive.
Why it took so long for the now-ubiquitous appliance, 50 years old this year, to catch on.
Peter Wentz returns with a solid Saturday.
A mountain of evidence has been compiled against Syrian officials for war crimes from torture to summary killings. But there is no clear path to justice.
Physical temples to commerce remain, but today the online experience is rapidly changing our relationship with shopping.
A growing body of research suggests some social welfare policies can be good for growth.
The landlord forgot to mention that the toilet won’t flush toilet paper. Is that grounds for breaking a lease?
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon provide us with sage advice.
Growers are moving to large farms in the Salinas Valley, threatening the state’s smaller cannabis farmers and inspiring fears of a glut.
President Trump is populating the federal government with former lobbyists who in many cases are influencing policy in industries where they were recently paid.
Practically every president has kept animals in the Executive Mansion. Its current occupant would be wise to do the same.
Woe to the Washington aide unschooled in self-effacement.
Defensiveness makes you a better, more skeptical reader — a critic.
I asked the longtime Sunday School teacher if we really need to believe that Jesus rose from the dead.
The long and bloody history of fighting over dictionary definitions.
There’s one clear pattern in his history of making promises: betrayal.
In religion and politics, we have lost sight of a key trait.
Why America needs its ex-Protestants to go back to church.
The Times’s standards editor explains our policies on identifying the alleged victims and perpetrators of sexual misconduct.
How a tweet about the Easter Egg Roll led to a torrent of vitriol from the president’s supporters — and a front page story.
Timothy Polin takes us for a ride.
The main opposition demanded a recount and warned that the vote might cement authoritarian rule within one of the critical power brokers of the Middle East.
Maia finally finds the boldness to start making her mark. Her father doesn’t lack that trait.
A mentality of mob violence has overtaken India.
The Times is changing how it shows where articles were written, hoping to more clearly convey that “we are on the scene around the world.”
Peter Gordon returns, and this time he’s not playing any tricks on us.
Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s advisers depict him as a kind of French Bernie Sanders, but with no strong party establishment to block his way.
Newly obtained documents show how the American Hotel and Lodging Association is taking steps to curb the online short-term rental company.
Still talking about the rewards of sifting through a pile of scratched-off lottery tickets on a Manhattan-bound F train.
Scientists have advanced the treatment of psychiatric illnesses from the days of a controversial surgery known as a lobotomy.
As the standoff grows under a new American president, a mix of national ambitions, personal ego and deadly weapons is creating opportunities for miscalculation.
The final season jumps three years ahead, and things seem to have calmed.
This uncanny play from the great experimentalist Richard Maxwell brings to mind Clint Eastwood’s Man With No Name, but with more to say.
Axe is finding his way back to his outlaw self, caution be damned.
The creator of “Girls” talks about bringing her HBO show to a close with a very maternal episode.
This series wraps up with Lena Dunham’s Hannah feeding her infant, but the episode is about so much more than that.
Economic pain, beyond coal and manufacturing.
He must avoid overconfidence and bombast in dealing with the North, which adds to the fears driving its nuclear program.
In the Georgia special election and beyond, invest heavily in turnout, not TV ads.
The president and his allies have used strategies similar to those we’ve used to challenge common sense.
Americans hate their internet providers. So why is the president giving them more power?
They were passionate not just about changing the world but also about one another. It all ended in tears.
Access, inclusion and justice are being assailed by Trump.
Ted Russell spent time with a young Bob Dylan in New York. As a lifelong jazz fan, he was unimpressed. So were a lot of editors, until the nasally voiced folk singer became a star.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Research suggests that lawsuits can be reduced with improvements in medical practices and patient safety.
We need to study the health consequences of the modern and more “hygienic” built environment, which is clean but by no means sterile.
Nonadherence to prescriptions causes some 125,000 deaths a year in the United States alone.
Monday: A tradition in Brooklyn, April the Giraffe gives birth, and Duchamp’s “Fountain” turns 100.
How does the experience of this essay writer, a teacher in New York City, inform his argument about why black students benefit from having black teachers?
About 44 percent of survey respondents said they would rather fly with a competitor — even if the flight cost more and took twice as long.
Should a sculpture of a little girl “standing up” to a charging bull some interpret as a symbol of male power be the subject of public debate?
The vice president’s message, delivered on a visit to South Korea, showed that the White House was giving China time to show whether it is ready to use its influence to curb its neighbor.
Issues of racial and ethnic discrimination continue to loom large over the race for governor in Jakarta — and larger still across Indonesia.
With a 20 percent approval rating, the final months of the Christie administration reflect the dimming twilight of New Jersey’s governor.
The proposal follows a push by Uber drivers who say they are losing thousands of dollars without a way for passengers to leave a tip through the mobile app.
Voters in major cities tended to oppose the changes expanding presidential power, but those in rural areas, who are often more religious, voted for them.
By the time the chef, who grew up in a housing project, dropped out of high school, her studies had been reduced to one area: home economics.
They don’t produce a lot or last long. But Harry’s Berries, a 50-year-old family farm in California, thrives by selling strawberries at their peak.
Newly released court documents reveal that the singer’s home was strewn with narcotic painkillers for which he did not have prescriptions.
It’s not just sluggers earning fat contracts anymore. Outfielders like Kevin Kiermaier, whose great defense is highlighted by new technology, are newly getting their due.
Chris Wells’s chatty, memoirish show at Dixon Place combines outrageous fashion and original songs.
Moscow and its state-run news outlets are churning out fake and slanted reports to bolster favored politicians, just as in the U.S. last year, critics say.
In the United States and Canada, nearly one-fifth of homeless youth are victims of human trafficking.
A poem recalls a Brighton Beach landmark that is no more, and the delicious treats it sold.
Democrats have pledged not to cooperate on an overhaul of the tax code unless they know how that rewrite would benefit the president and his family.
A beloved movie is adapted to the musical stage with feverish imagination — and a magnetic Andy Karl shooing away the shadow of Bill Murray.
A stealthy pet project by the former Microsoft chief lets you search and learn about how the government spends tax dollars.
A nation that for decades has served as a crucial bridge between Europe and the Muslim world will be in the hands of an erratic and vengeful man.
The social media network is struggling with its role in policing content on its global platform.
A lesson in persistence, courtesy of Bruce Haight.
A familiar face returns, and he’s on a collision course with Mike. But who’s hunting whom?
The president is expected to sign an executive order on Tuesday to make it harder for technology companies to recruit foreign workers with H-1B visas.
The former secretary of state, now 96, has some wisdom for our smartphone-addled world.
Some organizations are thick, and some are thin. Some leave a mark on you, and some you pass through with scarcely a memory.
Nevada shows why the gender makeup of state-level politics matters.
In 1967, I realized I wasn’t the only soldier to oppose America’s role in the conflict.
Conservatives are practically fainting with relief. Gail Collins and Matt Labash ask whether they are justified in doing so.
Do your laces always seem to come untied, no matter what you do? Or do you have a special way of tying that works? Do you avoid lace-up shoes at all costs?
Whether she was photographing graffiti and street games on New York&#8217;s Lower East Side, Martha Cooper&#8217;s images reflect her quest to show people and their culture in context.
This nation has never been shy about diagnosing its own jitters. Now the condition has become political.
Rarely is a writer quite so good at making words’ sounds match their meanings.
Scientists are investigating whether releasing tons of particulates into the atmosphere might be good for the planet. Not everyone thinks this is a good idea.
How long can a progressive federal agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, stand firm against the deregulatory pressures of the Trump administration?
Along parts of the East Coast, the entire system of insuring coastal property is beginning to break down.
Are you wary of people who don’t own pets? Or those who do? Why?
Readers objected when a writer mentioned his life sentences but not that he was convicted of murder. This issue of credentials has come up before.
The Times tagged along for a shift of Border Patrol agents on horseback, who play an essential role in efforts to detect illegal activity near hard-to-patrol areas along the Rio Grande.
Polling is worse, and turnout harder to predict, in special elections. Even if early returns point to a Democratic upset, this could be deceptive.
In this installment of Match Book, a woman seeks a work of fiction that will unite her “disparate group of avid readers,” also known as her children.
Taking oral corticosteroids for only a month or less may increase the risk of blood clots, infections and broken bones.
Tuesday: Performing Holocaust stories, a push for Uber tipping, and Earth Day events.
The prime minister had repeatedly ruled out a snap election but is now betting that her party can increase its majority.
As the Supreme Court found in Skokie, there cannot be a “heckler’s veto” of speech that some deem unacceptable.
A rare challenge by a well-known historian shows the renewed debate over China’s longstanding patronage of its unpredictable neighbor.
The Affordable Care Act did not have a real backup plan if no insurers wanted to cover an area.
The vendors are a fixture of New York streets and appetites, yet they struggle daily with weather, logistics and rules. Here’s the story of one.
Jesselyn Silva is only 10 years old, but she’s already in the ring.
The saga might never have come to light had the Navy not posted a photograph of the Carl Vinson sailing through the Sunda Strait, which separates two Indonesian islands.
Rich and gamy, these have found their way onto restaurant menus and can be made easily at home.
The decision to move the Raiders to Las Vegas from Oakland presents conflicts for a league that has long opposed gambling.
Cristiano Ronaldo’s hat trick gave Madrid a 4-2 victory — and a 6-3 win on aggregate — amid several controversial decisions by the referee.
The four Ntongas have shown a remarkable aptitude for tennis after stumbling upon the Leeds Center and New York Junior Tennis and Learning.
That some drivers proceed cautiously after a snowstorm apparently upsets others.
Oklahoma City’s Westbrook, a mercurial superstar, said his relationship with the basketball on the court is no joke as he and the Thunder prepare for Game 2 against the Houston Rockets.
The president and his administration are fostering a culture of self-enrichment and self-dealing, ignoring norms of ethical conduct and transparency.
The position of the No. 1 host in cable news grew more tenuous as support from the Murdoch family showed signs of eroding, according to people briefed on discussions about his future.
The Grammy-winning classical pianist Emanuel Ax teams up with the veteran puzzle constructor Brad Wilber to offer us a puzzle that sings.
Paula Vogel makes her long-awaited Broadway debut, telling the story of a Yiddish drama shut down in 1923.
She has short hair and doesn’t like princesses, so adults keep asking if she wants to be a boy. Can’t she just be who she is?
Paige is looking more like Elizabeth lately. Whether that’s a good thing remains to be seen.
Mr. Ossoff, who is making his first bid for elective office, will face Karen Handel, a Republican, in a runoff election in June.
The president is focused on prolonging a dying industry rather than on renewable energy, which is making the country stronger without him.
President Trump already has a good tax plan. We helped write it.
For years I believed that my body could not make beauty or give delight. I was wrong.
A last look at the decade’s most important (and occasionally reactionary) show.
What are you doing to encourage, or prevent, a full, healthy and rejuvenating night’s sleep?
The author on her best-selling book about a woman’s unintended contributions to science, and why journalism always looks more interesting in the movies.
Climate displacement is becoming one of the world’s most powerful — and destabilizing — geopolitical forces.
How do we live with the fact that the world we knew is going and, in some cases, already gone?
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on public versus private selves and what you owe a prospective neighbor.
It was summer in Granada, and I told myself I was in love. That wouldn’t last.
With “Six Degrees of Separation” set to return to Broadway, we examine the concept that links the first issue of Psychology Today, Kevin Bacon and a shirtless J.J. Abrams.
Facebook’s chief, Mark Zuckerberg, realized early that creating the best new features is not as important as owning the biggest and most engaged network.
Each trip pushed us farther apart. So why would I continue to get on a subway with this person, never mind board an airplane?
What trade offs do you make to pay for what you need and want, now and in the future?
Our workouts may be shaped by what our (virtual) friends do.
Wednesday: Waiting for reliable weather, sunken ships off our coastline, and Immigrant Heritage Week.
There was no victor — and no clear lesson — in Tuesday’s special election.
Taiwanese officials say Zhang Xiangzhong, an anticorruption campaigner who was previously imprisoned in China, did not meet the requirements to stay in Taiwan long term.
Coal company bankruptcies have left coverage for retirees, many with chronic ailments, in federal hands. Unless Congress acts this month, benefits will end.
As America prepared to go to war in the spring of 1917, German forces were in strategic retreat along the Western Front.
Williams, who announced her engagement to Alexis Ohanian in December, had published, then deleted, a photograph of herself in a mirror with the words “20 weeks.”
If we can be mindful while scrubbing the toilet, we can be mindful during any moment throughout our daily lives.
The exposure of multiple settlements involving sexual harassment allegations against Mr. O’Reilly brought an abrupt end to his two-decade career at Fox.
The special election to fill Montana’s empty House seat is next, and after a Democrat nearly won a Georgia seat outright, Big Sky Democrats ask, “What about us?”
Juventus sends Barcelona out of the Champions League, and the temptation is to declare that the sun has set on a golden era. That would be a mistake.
The university, which has a legacy and reputation as a promoter and bastion of free speech, said it was “unable to find a safe and suitable venue” for the speech by the conservative author.
The next time you get frustrated idling behind a garbage truck, consider what the people picking up your trash have to contend with.
Marte, an All-Star outfielder, started serving an 80-game punishment for steroid use the same week that Familia, a closer, is due back from 15-game domestic violence penalty.
A cynical ploy to force Democrats to negotiate would endanger the health of millions of Americans.
The visit by Carter Page last July was a significant trigger for the F.B.I. investigation into connections between Russia and President Trump’s campaign.
Jeffrey Wechsler returns to make us laugh.
This nimble revival of Lillian Hellman’s 1939 drama features Ms. Linney and Ms. Nixon in alternating roles of Southern womanhood.
Has there ever been a more sustained and elaborate act of fan fiction?
It’s not easy to misplace a flotilla.
Trump’s philosophy as president might best be described as clan over country.
It’s scary to consider what a frustrated president could do.
The Trump administration could lower the cost of prescription medications by simply allowing the sale of cheap, safe imported drugs.
Would wearing a wristwatch mark you as an adult, in your mind or in others’?
Eugene Richards will have his first retrospective exhibit at the George Eastman Museum in Rochester, spanning over 45 years of work.
Michiganders know the state gets a bad rap, but we remain captivated by its peculiar charms.
The story behind one of the chef’s most memorable dishes.
How is writing a letter to the editor of a newspaper a strong act of citizenship?
Climate change is altering the environment in ways that increase the potential for viruses like Zika.
President Trump’s improvisational approach has helped his fortunes, but if he backs off from a threat, he could weaken the nation’s standing.
Why paddle out under the stars? To get away from the crowds, mainly.
The island off the southern tip of Malaysia reveals the future of building in an epoch of dwindling territory.
Government spending on high-quality day care in early years delivers an economic boon that lasts three generations, research finds.
Some experts recommend telling minors about genetic risk so they have time to come to terms with it.
Thursday: Examining complaints to 311, the Big City Book Club, and a prompt for poets.
What are the costs of social aspiration in the pursuit of unobtainable luxury?
The party may be torn between newly energized progressives and the sort of technocrats they need to flip currently Republican House seats.
The Times placed several of the poet’s works on Page 1 during World War I, including the haunting “My Boy Jack.”
My 97-year-old patient told me he didn’t know if he was looking forward to being 98.
After recent electoral upheavals, including the victory of Donald J. Trump and the vote for “Brexit,” the world is waiting to see which way the French will lean.
Vania Isler, the owner’s daughter, steers the unfamiliar toward dishes “you can find only here,” like pastel de choclo, a casserole topped with a charred crust of corn and basil.
Oscar Isaac, Christian Bale and Charlotte Le Bon star in this wartime romance with a heavy subject (genocide) but a corny plot.
For four months, my infant came to investor meetings and networking events. It wasn’t as crazy as I’d thought.
The measure faces an uncertain fate as Congress also must deal with a far more urgent deadline: a looming government shutdown if a new funding measure is not approved.
Rosario Dawson and Katherine Heigl star in a thriller that works a wearyingly familiar formula.
A new look at Jane Jacobs, the visionary urban theorist who foresaw the unhealthy partnerships that can arise between governments and big businesses.
Protection for people with pre-existing problems would be largely technical as states could waive key insurance rules.
Children and nursing mothers should not take codeine or tramadol, the agency cautions.
A lifelong love of music is rewarded at last.
“I couldn’t resist taking a photo of my sneakered feet on the North side of the room.”
How can we be so scared Marine Le Pen might become president and yet so certain that she won’t?
The president ordered an investigation into steel imports, scoring a victory for his administration’s nationalists in a debate that remains far from settled.
Damon Gulczynski starts our solving weekend with a shiner.
In this rose-colored revival of the 1964 war horse “Hello, Dolly!,” Bette Midler provides a dazzling lesson in star power.
It’s unrealistic to expect your spouse to forever remain the same person you fell in love with.
Emma Morano’s singular achievement in life may have been perseverance. She lived for 117 years, crediting her longevity to raw eggs and her lack of a husband. She died on April 15.
Faith in the West has collapsed and, amazingly, people have been slow to rise to defend it.
It’s not surprising Republican repeal-and-replace efforts keep getting nowhere.
Be very, very afraid, the homeland security chief warns.
How are scientists tracking the tons of plastic garbage floating on ocean currents? Where will it all end up?
What risks, sacrifices or special equipment are necessary to pursue your favorite activity at night?
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
Also: Did The Times present police officers fired for assault too positively? And the newspaper’s use of “Mrs.” again sets off a debate.
Justices have long said that drawing districts based on extreme partisanship is unconstitutional, but haven’t found a way to decide when lines are crossed.
From performances for “six people in a loft” to “O Superman,” MTV fame, and her time with Lou Reed, the artist reflects on her many years in New York.
The “Northern White House” in Washington becomes a museum as the United States celebrates its 250th anniversary.
An estimated 65 million people have been displaced by conflict. How many can we help reach safety?
Like a rare butterfly, my son is examined and classified with a label: schizoaffective disorder.
Friday: Opening of the Coney Island Circus Sideshow, Earth Day events, and a makeover for our newsstands.
No one really knows why people often report feeling “fuzzy headed” when they have allergies.
The far-right leader Marine Le Pen seized on the brazen assault, but she was not the only presidential candidate who stood to gain ground before voting on Sunday.
Using classic K.G.B. tactics, security officers lured gay men into traps and tortured them into giving up the identities of others like them.
The former president will take part in public and private events in May, beginning with a meeting with University of Chicago students.
Trump is in charge at a critical moment for keeping climate change in check. We may never recover.
Doctors often prescribe levothyroxine to treat an underactive thyroid, and for most it has no effect.
A simple blood test could provide our entire DNA sequence. Could researchers and drug companies use our cells in other ways, without telling us?
Congressional proposals for changing the corporate tax go far beyond a simple discussion of tax rates. Fundamental shifts could affect business behavior.
Broiled butterflied trout works just as well for a weeknight meal as it does for company.
Major League Baseball supports local bans on smokeless tobacco, but a number of players said they viewed them as an invasion of personal rights.
An ode to the springtime spear.
The French election is the latest European vote in which a far-right party has a shot at gaining power, though a win has yet to materialize.
The wine panel finds great potential and at the same time ponders why some bottles seem so vibrant while others do not.
New York food businesses join in “A Day Without Bread” to support Queens workers who may be fired.
The decision came despite a commutation by Gov. Andrew Cuomo for Ms. Clark, 67, who was convicted in a 1981 crime in which a guard and two police officers died.
It’s consistent with our mandate to alleviate suffering.
A mother recalls life in Saigon with her nine children after their father was captured by the Communists.
As suburban malls fall to online retailers, the challenge is to ensure that remaining jobs and new ones are better than those that are lost.
Adam Fromm emerges from puzzle retirement to conquer a frustrating grid.
The remembrances of a famous epicure show the cruel editing of gay lives.
A class in “verbal judo” offers a window on how flight crews are taught to defuse situations with naughty, uncooperative or tipsy passengers.
As the F.B.I. investigated Hillary Clinton and the Trump campaign, James B. Comey tried to keep the bureau out of politics but plunged it into the center of a bitter election.
Since taking over two years ago, James and Lachlan Murdoch seem determined to rid the company of the old-guard culture on which their father built his empire.
Richard Silvestri keeps us guessing with a fun weekend diversion.
The presidential election on Sunday is one of the most consequential in recent times — not just for France, but for Europe — and one of the most unpredictable, too.
The tenant is preapproved for a mortgage and doesn’t mind that the place needs work — but that might not be enough to persuade an absentee landlord.
The administration’s decisions to cut off money for women’s health programs abroad will cost lives, extend suffering and lead to more abortions.
After the election, The Times promised to include more viewpoints in its report. It has, but some readers have not embraced it.
We’re not just Jewish. We’re also the noun.
The Fox debacle has opened a window into sexual abuse, at the company and in the broader workplace.
Will we once again need an underground network of women willing to risk it all to help others?
Let’s face it: The biggest tech companies are monopolies.
Rethinking what kind of penalties count as inhumane.
Because they’re blank.
Olivia Mitra Framke makes her New York Times Crossword debut as a devoted fan.
Think you know your racial background? A communications studies project involving ancestry DNA testing has led to interesting conversations on identity.
If confirmed, the arrest would bring to three the number of Americans known to be held by the secretive nation at a tense moment in relations with Washington.
Travis Kalanick’s drive to win in life has led to a pattern of risk-taking that has at times put his ride-hailing company on the brink of implosion.
Mr. Macron, a political novice, and Ms. Le Pen, a far-right firebrand, will advance to a runoff vote next month after voters rejected the mainstream parties.
Gary Cee is cooking with gas.
A woman pays for a particularly long fare with a check.
“I see flies, I see mosquitoes,” said a Chechen woman who represents the local government on human rights matters, “but I have never seen a gay man.”
The Trump administration wants to use the deadline as leverage on a border wall, military spending, health care and more, raising the prospects of a shutdown.
For all its melancholy, “The Leftovers” rarely gets enough credit for its humor.
In this endlessly fascinating work, Annie Baker, the author of “The Flick,” considers the art and necessity of fabulation.
Christian Borle is the eccentric Willy Wonka in this tentative musical based on the Roald Dahl children’s classic.
America has a productivity problem. One explanation may be the growing use of real resources to make virtual products.
The American military is looking at everything from troop rotations to surveillance to casualty evacuations should it be ordered to take action against North Korea.
Can you guess which man is the model public servant?
Censors swung into action after Mr. Xi’s bid to become leader for life resurrected memories of Mao’s personality cult and the feverish emotions that it created.
Apollo, the private equity firm, and Citigroup made large loans last year to the family real estate business of Jared Kushner, President Trump’s senior adviser.
China has sent a top economic adviser to the United States to restore dialogue and quash a trade war. He faces long odds.
The president mixed facts and falsehoods while discussing gun policy and potential solutions with legislators.
Timothy Polin gives us choices.
Susan Wu, a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, has opened a school in Australia.
Rejected by both a sugar daddy and by the young architect he loves, Andrew Cunanan increasingly inhabits a dark fantasy.
What do you think this image is saying?
The “Daily Show” host said the president’s attacks on fellow Republicans at a meeting reminded him of “a drunk uncle calling everyone out at a wedding.”
Is the film itself an act of resistance? Or are people expecting too much from it?
How do we know how smart we are?
Researchers have developed the “spend safely in retirement” strategy aimed at middle-income people.
The museum says the demise of its pay-as-you-wish model is an economic necessity.
The United States rejected 100 Iranians, mainly members of Christian minorities, who had applied for refugee status under a law offering religious protections.
The transnational gang is a bit player compared with drug cartels. But its violence has helped the Trump administration sell its campaign against immigration.
Noor Salman, accused of aiding and abetting her husband, Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people in Orlando, Fla., says she was abused and knew nothing of his plans.
The city’s treasures lie just below the surface: world-class restaurants, Brazil-class music and an ever-ebullient arts scene.
As a nation unwinds, Leopoldo López, the opposition’s most prominent leader, sits under house arrest and contemplates what might still be possible.
It has been six months since Amazon took over Whole Foods for $13.4 billion. Here are a handful of notable changes Amazon has made to Whole Foods so far. 
The attacks were aimed at destroying the national will of the South Vietnamese, not the United States.
I am not confident God is listening, yet I have reoriented my life in order to say Kaddish for my father.
The political nature of the case against public employee unions was on full display in oral arguments this week.
What happened to the G.O.P. in 2016 could happen to the Democrats in 2020.
Negative partisanship is taking us somewhere we haven’t been for a very long time.
Thursday: Two local Army veterans make the national stage, a comedic Oscars preview, and the festival of Holi.
She made the movie she wanted, about a multiracial world and the loss of a beloved parent. “I know it’s $100 million” for Disney, she says. “They’ll be fine.”
Thursday: Democrats point fingers at one another on poverty, President Trump changes his tune on gun control, and a horse walks onto a freeway.
More and more in my work as a university psychiatrist, I find students turning to the vast “expertise” of the web for advice.
Russians had wondered before Mr. Putin’s speech what he planned for his last term, and they got an answer: Russia will be a superpower again.
A Saudi prince sells his triplex at Heritage at Trump Place for $30 million; Jon Bon Jovi and Seth Meyers each sell West Village condos.
The interior designer and her husband, John Rosselli, an antiques dealer, are selling their longtime home for $3.995 million.
The president said he would sign the measure next week. Stock markets, foreign officials and Republicans were rattled by the news.
WhatsApp connects families around the world in amazing ways, and also is a complete nightmare.
It is sometimes considered to be a lesser version of Brunello di Montalcino, but Rosso has a lot going for it and needs to be judged on its own terms.
The characteristics of a growing season can impress themselves on a wine. But don’t always take critics’ vintage assessments at face value.
With 500 rooms, one guest, pigeons on the top floors and many cockroaches, the Grand Hotel in Kosovo reflects the travails of a new nation.
In an extraordinary confrontation, the bipartisan leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee told the House speaker that his troops had leaked a senator’s texts with a Russia-connected lawyer.
The fast-casual lunch counter brings healthy, thoughtfully priced food that speaks to the experience of young Americans of Asian heritage in Flushing, Queens.
The small storefront restaurant, run by a family that fled Afghanistan, is one of the most in-demand reservations in Adelaide.
A day after he was named by the mayor as New York City’s next schools chancellor, Alberto Carvalho renounced his decision during a live TV broadcast.
Hundreds of school districts across the country have given staff access to guns, seeing the weaponry not as a political statement but a practical response to a potent threat.
Canceling the order for the custom-made furniture, which had come under investigation from the chairman of the House Oversight Committee, will not be easy.
Social media wits saw an “It Girl” who attained power through deference. Reporters considered her a straight shooter with direct access to the president.
The ceremony on Sunday will probably refer to the #MeToo movement, but supporters of the Time’s Up initiative aren’t planning any red-carpet actions.
The Manhattan tower embodies a 20th-century idea about capitalism. But capitalism has moved on.
A higher price for metals isn’t the main concern; it’s the chance that the global trade system will be undermined.
Advertisers, especially smaller ones, complain of inconsistency and gender bias in the process that determines whether images are rejected for being sexually suggestive. 
A young public defender in the Deep South struggles with long hours, low pay and staggering caseloads to bring justice to all.
The best teenage comments from last week’s writing prompts, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
The Polish law makes it a crime to blame “the Polish nation” for the Holocaust and other Nazi crimes.
The tax cuts may look like a gift, but the middle class will end up paying the bill.
The gun issue may be the final battle.
The silent and dutiful communications director departs.
The Subway Action Plan is intended to address pressing needs swiftly, yet invests a relatively modest amount in the backbone of the system: signals.
The leaks contributed to coverage critical of Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration. That does not fit neatly into President Trump’s view of Mr. McCabe as a “deep state” adversary.
The group’s top lobbyist said the president and vice president “support the Second Amendment, support strong due process and don’t want gun control.”
The power the president gave his daughter and son-in-law upended a basic principle of American democracy and is sowing chaos in his administration.
The storm could cause widespread power failures and severe flooding this weekend. Officials are warning residents that they may have to evacuate.
Bad advice, shady deals and incompetence define the presidential son-in-law’s tenure at the White House.
John F. Kelly, the chief of staff, summed up the prevailing mood in the West Wing: “God punished me,” he joked of his move there last summer.
Why would any policymaker with the agenda or values she espouses work for a president so determined to lay waste to them?
As Taylor Trensch takes over the title role in the Tony-winning musical, the show’s meaning and impact change too.
Television news commentator Rachel Maddow and veteran constructor Joe DiPietro deliver a Friday puzzle with a wallop.
While the city braces for a surge in random violence, Earn comes face-to-face with a future version of himself.
Europe is being battered by unusually frigid conditions even as temperatures in the North Pole soar well above normal. Here's the connection, according to experts.
Even as evidence mounts that Moscow interfered in past votes in Italy and elsewhere, it still stands to win in almost any result in Sunday’s election.
What story could this image tell?
Do you think these companies made the right decision?
What do you consider to be the defining challenge of your generation and why?
A special election in what had been a safe G.O.P. district is now a close race, in part because of Trump voters who are now disappointed in his presidency.
The funeral for Mr. Graham, who died last week at 99, drew leaders from across the Christian world, as well as President Trump and other dignitaries.
Want guns out of your stock portfolio? Sick of bad actors like Wells Fargo and Equifax? You’ll face at least seven challenges when making an investing plan.
Interior Department emails obtained by The New York Times in a lawsuit indicate that oil exploration was the central factor in the decision to scale back the monument.
Two young artists remade “Annie Hall” with a cast from a senior center. As actors and crew bonded, a new kind of love story developed.
Moving into an older apartment or house can sometimes lead to interesting discoveries. Did someone famous live or perform here?
Still truckin’ almost a half-century on but a little lost in translation.
Myanmar continues to kill its Rohingya, now by denying them health care and sometimes food instead of by wielding machetes and firing bullets.
Trump’s vainglorious, vandalistic and vulgar presidency makes some people pine for a royal family. Don’t.
Whenever you disapprove of young people, you’re in the wrong, because you’re going to die and they’ll get to write history.
What is at stake in this dispute is nothing less than American rule of law.
Clues to global intrigue in the Instagram account of a jailed prostitute.
Whether you are contagious may depend on how long you have been sick, and not necessarily on whether you are coughing and sneezing.
My mother nearly destroyed me when I was young, but my affection for her increased as the woman she once was diminished.
Friday: Treacherous weather, your weekend lineup, and an Oscars preview.
A handful of artists used themes from the Oscar-nominated film to create alternative posters. Here are four of the standouts.
Friday: The #MeToo movement mixes with tight award races, the Weinstein Company will be sold after all, and a look back at the Golden Gate Bridge’s groundbreaking.
In a series of early-morning tweets, the president defended his decision to impose stiff tariffs on steel and aluminum.
At the New York Academy of Art, facial reconstruction — fusing art and science — may help identify the missing, including migrants.
Melissa Rosenberg, the screenwriter of the “Twilight” movies and a former head writer on “Dexter,” is the fury behind the Marvel TV avenger.
President Trump is finally following through on the trade crackdowns that terrify Republican leaders in Congress and many economists.
Adam Ferguson was named Photographer of the Year for the 75th Pictures of the Year International competition, for work on assignment for The Times
A fierce storm downed power lines, forced the cancellation of thousands of flights and inundated coastal roads with churning seawater on Friday.
Young people ought to have a say in how school shootings are best prevented.
BenDeLaCreme, the clear front-runner all season, stunned everyone with her decision over whom to kick off the show this week.
As comforting as shrimp and grits, this dish puts savory, golden polenta front and center.
A reader has eight years to go until retirement, at a job that has become almost unbearable. Is it better to explore other options even if that means taking a step backward, or to play it safe and ride it out?
In this cozy weeknight supper, roasted cauliflower meets pasta, blue cheese and plenty of golden leeks.
Markets like to look into the future, and with this latest trade policy, they don't like what they see.
The borough that produces so many local beers and spirits is pouring a new product at Brooklyn Kura, the first sake brewery in New York State.
The Metropolitan Opera is struggling on several fronts. But if it keeps presenting work on this level, all should be fine.
Readers debate a recent study showing that baby-led weaning may not reduce the likelihood of obesity for babies compared to traditional spoon feeding.
Researchers are struggling to understand what causes “self-neglect” — and how to fix it.
Fly through your puzzles by learning about the most common birds seen in The New York Times Crossword.
The George W. Bush museum offers a few pantsuits and gowns, but also artifacts that show how presidential spouses have contributed to history.
A Detroit native looks homeward with ambitious plans to build a fashion center that he hopes will play a key part in the city’s economic renewal.
A chaotic White House has come up with a chaotic trade policy.
Before, troops were convinced they could win the war. After, all they wanted was to go home alive.
These days, even flattery may get you nowhere.
But where is the free world?
There is a heated fight about when, where and how the next generation of cell service gets delivered.
Dr. Wilson was a deft, busy neurosurgeon in San Francisco but still found time to establish a leading center for the study of tumors.
Damon Gulczynski makes us feel like dharma bums.
Can anything be done if the city plants a tree in the sidewalk in front of your house?
Nakesha Williams resisted help from social workers, friends and acquaintances, some who only knew her as a homeless woman, and others who knew of her past.
Until now, Trump’s economic ignorance hasn’t mattered much. But that may be changing.
Is that — Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon? Or are those two golden statues?
Tariffs would help steel and aluminum makers that President Trump championed. But manufacturers using their products may be in for harder times.
Big victims: real estate, farmers, and anyone with a lot of leverage.
The new owner of the Trump International Hotel in Panama City wants the Trump brand gone. The president’s family business refuses. The standoff has not been pretty.
Give kids the franchise — but let their parents exercise it.
In the wake of Harvey Weinstein, will Hollywood let women into the boys’ club, or is it all wishful thinking?
The Oscars arrive amid #MeToo enlightenment. The movies have a murkier history.
We can’t fight technology the way we fought Big Tobacco.
Anti-Trump anger is an unexploded bomb, its volatility contained by anticipation of a huge Democratic wave in November. What if there isn’t one?
We need a vision that can stand proudly in competition with that of Steve Bannon and Vladimir Putin.
We deserve films that don’t teach us to hate ourselves.
Byron Walden sees your phrase and raises it by one.
Educators go on strike in a state where leaders have neglected their constituents.
My assignment, in advance of the March 4 elections, was to portray the lack of services for working mothers. And here I was scrambling for child care.
Requirements for the elite EB-1 visa leave far more room for interpretation than its reputation and nickname suggest.
Primary elections in Texas on Tuesday and Illinois this month will test the growing divide in the Democratic Party between bold liberalism and tradition.
A couple’s yearlong home renovation on Isle au Haut in Maine was undone in moments by bolts from the sky.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
The Briton ran a mile in 3:59.4, becoming the first man ever to do so, breaking through a mystical barrier and creating a seminal moment in sports history.
Mayor Bill de Blasio pressed for more spending on housing plan last year even as officials saw headwinds after the election of President Trump.
School resource officers like the one under scrutiny following the Florida shooting are expected to act as counselors and instructors as well as the first line of defense.
In this thriller by Lars Kepler, the pen name of a husband-and-wife team, a man returns home after 13 years missing and offers clues to a serial killer’s crimes.
Guillermo del Toro won best director, Frances McDormand won best actress and Gary Oldman won best actor for “Darkest Hour.”
The president’s praise of Xi Jinping’s authoritarian rule goes against basic American principles.
Germans like to think we’re saving the liberal world order. But we’re also happy to let others do the real work.
His support for the end of presidential term limits may have been made in jest, but it found an appreciative audience among supporters of the Chinese president’s move to abolish term limits.
In a bid to curb sexual harassment, one city is reserving seats and space for female passengers. The problem: Men are claiming them.
Gina Kolata, a Times science reporter, admitted she can’t bear to look at what bullets do to bodies. Then she was asked to write a story about it.
The delay reflects President Trump’s largely passive response to the interference and doubts by Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson in his department’s ability to spend its money wisely.
About a dozen venture capitalists recently took a bus tour through the Midwest, and a funny thing happened: They caught the heartland bug.
Ms. Conway, one of the few remaining top aides from the campaign, has dialed back news media appearances and made other adjustments to survive in a chaotic administration.
With President Trump abandoning leadership of the global order and Mr. Xi challenging it, Europe sees an increased risk to its livelihood and its values.
Top White House aides indicated some companies could be exempt from a plan to impose aluminum and steel tariffs even as they left room for the president to change his plans.
Getting reacquainted on the uptown A.
Lynn Lempel dresses us for the occasion.
I never wanted the responsibility of shaping young minds. Now it’s keeping me up at night.
While still fighting to improve their own situation, members of the women’s national team have become sounding boards and guides for others with similar goals.
Artificial intelligence video tools make it relatively easy to put one person’s face on another person’s body with few traces of manipulation. I tried it on myself. What could go wrong? 
San Francisco's middle class, including teachers, copywriters and others, are engaging in an unusual experiment in communal living. Starcity, a new developer, is creating dorm rooms expressly for them.
A provision in a Senate bill aimed at easing Dodd-Frank’s restrictions on smaller banks could pave the way for rollbacks for big banks, critics say.
Motor vehicle crashes kill more young people than shootings, and the issue is less affected by politics.
The president’s reality always seems to return to delusional narcissism.
There was no outright winner, but the likely result will be a government in Italy that is significantly less invested in a united Europe.
As usual, Greg puts the episode’s big idea into words: “Maybe grand gestures are the best we can offer in a dying civilization.”
This week’s episode took place almost entirely on a vast ocean of garbage — an appropriate symbol in many respects.
You’ve been avoiding it long enough.
Mr. Carson has been whipsawed by a job he has found puzzling, with his goals undermined by his indecisiveness, his staffing mistakes and a president indifferent to his department’s mission.
Ralph Gibson self-published his own photo books decades ago. Now, those books — filled with dreamlike sequences — have been released in a single volume.
New evidence suggests a shift, possibly because of “a subtle fear of boys and the trouble they might bring.”
Before Dr. Lawrence G. Nassar was imprisoned for abusing gymnasts, a local prosecutor’s office opted not to pursue charges. The prosecutor had his own troubles.
It’s the No. 2 killer among illicit drugs in the U.S. and kills more African-Americans than heroin does. 
Can a cruise skeptic enjoy four days on the high seas with his family, Mickey and a bunch of princesses? 
President Trump has responded to Russia’s ramped-up nuclear arsenal and cyberweapons with a mix of Cold War-era approaches and virtual silence.
A group of friends shares more than similar interests: They also pass along an affordable apartment in Astoria, Queens, to one another.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
They’re not the end of the world, and may even do some good.
The image of unshakable peacefulness and tolerance is a Western stereotype that defies history and simplifies human nature.
It’s not about a funding crisis — it’s about turning retirement savers into passive investors.
Monday: Positive stories from the underground, celebrating Alice Coltrane, and the Bunion Derby.
A new study suggests that exposure to bright light before bedtime can throw children’s body clocks out of whack.
I read nutrition labels before I buy anything in a package, I practice portion control, and I exercise and weigh myself every day.
“I feel broken, I feel defeated. Right now on my mind, it’s not going to be fine.” Six students at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., spoke to a Times reporter.
Do you think the most deserving nominees won Oscars?
Monday: “The Shape of Water” wins best picture, avalanches slam California resorts, and that other award show you might have missed.
In Italy’s first national vote in five years, much of the country’s political landscape was overturned. Here’s why.
A look at one of the most revealed entries from the past week of crosswords.
With an outbreak in its second year, officials are trying to vaccinate 23 million people against the virus. The government was slow to act, critics say.
The president tweeted on Monday that tariffs of steel and aluminum could be removed from Canada and Mexico if a fair Nafta is signed, while Paul D. Ryan bashed the tariffs.
The public television show, a fixture for generations of children, made its national debut in 1968. PBS will celebrate the anniversary with a special.
The city, an emblem of a bilingual, multicultural Canada, nevertheless remains buffeted by the cultural battles of the past.
Our critics chose 15 remarkable books by women that are shaping the way we read and write fiction in the 21st century.
The island nation’s geothermal heat is often used to bake bread, but our writer wondered if it could fire a whole meal — then set out to do that.
Time runs in circles in Mr. Kelly’s autobiographical memory play at La MaMa.
Satellite images and a drone discovered about 1.5 million Adélie penguins living in the Danger Islands, one of two species whose habitats require ice.
Divorced parents in Pittsburgh are in a legal dispute over whether their 17-year-old son should be allowed to play football.
There are far too few psychiatric beds in the United States, researchers say. But debate rages over what to do with those who require long-term care.
In patients with coronary heart disease, exercise lowered the risk of dying, while weight loss did not.
Hosting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, the president said he still had “a good chance” of forging peace, but a deal seems further away than ever.
A South American hummingbird’s noise is well above the normal hearing range of most birds, perhaps to stand out amid the din of other species in its habitat.
In his second attempt to replace Carmen Fariña, the mayor selected Richard A. Carranza, the Houston schools superintendent, who accepted at City Hall.
The appropriation of a feminist theme for selling whiskey to women is nothing if not ironic.
Mr. Nunberg set cable news and social media alight after he said he was subpoenaed to go before a grand jury, but was unlikely to appear or provide documents he was ordered to hand over.
The Ohio federal judge overseeing hundreds of opioid lawsuits wants a swift settlement with solutions. But first he must tame skeptical legal lions.
The president has changed his mind about offering federal support for a critical underwater project between New York and New Jersey.
At the right register at the right time.
Why you should worry when Trump talks tough and stupid on trade.
A senior editor on The Times’s interactive news desk explains why crunching the returns feels a little like a competitive rocket launch.
There won’t be a snap back to the democracy we knew before.
Richard A. Carranza grew up in Arizona and worked his way through college as a musician. He described himself as “a mariachi masquerading as a superintendent.”
Investment firms like Larry Fink’s BlackRock have preached social responsibility. With guns, they can use their influence to achieve it.
All over the United States, women are leading citizen rebellions.
Republicans intensified pressure on President Trump to relent on his steel and aluminum tariffs, while the president indicated he might provide exemptions for certain countries.
The characters in Martyna Majok’s new play come from Poland, Afghanistan, Honduras and elsewhere. Illegal or not, they’re New Yorkers now.
Written by the screenwriter, director and novelist John Sayles, this week’s episode swapped action for oratory punch.
Bruce Greig makes his New York Times Crossword debut.
Italians opt for illiberal chaos, splitting Europe further.
Could your pet be a social media star?
Researchers have identified 18 previously unknown species of Pelican spiders in Madagascar.
Has Starcity invented a housing idea that you think your generation might both need and embrace? Why or why not?
The Oscars, a former Trump aide and tariffs were on the minds of late-night comedy hosts as they began the week.
What common elements are thought to make up national identity? What evidence is there that this idea is made up?
Detective stories from around the world.
Bryant Neal Vinas, a convicted terrorist, thought he would be rewarded for telling the F.B.I. everything he knew. Instead, he is living unprotected in New York.
Did our 52 Places Traveler love Disney Springs, Fla.? No. But she did love that other people love it.
More than a year after his death, the poet, novelist and singer-songwriter is experiencing a cultural resurgence in the city of his birth.
For more than a century, major teacher strikes like the one in West Virginia have come as educators have been asked to shoulder society’s biggest challenges and ills.
To paint or not to paint? Experts offer advice on how to deal with an exposed brick wall that doesn’t have a nice patina.
A new documentary from Peter Schweizer — the man who gave the world “Clinton Cash” — signals a revised strategy for conservatives in the culture wars.
Meet the roller derby athletes who are “reclaiming” their space, promoting female empowerment and standing up for indigenous people.
In calling for more troops, the general wasn’t guilty of hubris. He was guilty of naïveté.
The lack of political leadership explains why the teachers’ strike drags on.
Rolls-Royce and Bentley, the cars of royalty and deep wealth, will be bringing several of their models to the show and will unveil a few surprises.
Tuesday: More winter weather, Feminist Film Week, and a love triangle among hawks.
Alternative therapies can pose risks, so it’s important to discuss them with your pediatrician.
The North told South Korean envoys it is willing to negotiate with the United States on abandoning its nuclear weapons. President Trump welcomed what he called “possible progress.”
In early voting for Tuesday’s primary in Texas, Democratic voters have far outnumbered Republicans, a sign of a partisan gap in enthusiasm.
Tuesday: Students get a history lesson as they prepare their own protests, a committee that could kill the Qualcomm takeover bid, and a Museum of Selfies.
The move by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States complicates an already contentious deal.
We’re able to locate sound because our brains grasp the shape of our ears. When that shape changes, we need time and practice to adapt.
A Chinese restaurant famous for Peking duck has lost some of its quack on the way to New York.
The Edit, a New York Times newsletter, at first sought to find five contributors. Now we’ll bring on even more. Here’s an update on the process.
The cuisine of India’s best-known chef, Sanjeev Kapoor, is being brought to California by a couple with no culinary experience but plenty of passion.
Three jurors in the trial of Joseph Percoco asked to be dismissed, citing “fundamental differences.” The judge sent them back to the jury room.
So-called neural networks have greatly advanced artificial intelligence. But understanding how computers make their decisions can be difficult.
People who monitor their own blood pressure tended to get better control than those who relied on their doctor.
It seems President Moon Jae-in of South Korea got what Washington has asked for: an agreement to consider eliminating nuclear weapons.
When he died, Byron Levy left behind a vast inheritance — of drawings.
The company said the employee, who was fired, acted alone and that the restaurants would be reimbursed for the fraudulent no-shows.
For decades he insisted that he was the illegitimate (and look-alike) son of George Gershwin, and despite the skeptics, he made a career out of that claim.
Mr. Cohn had made clear his opposition to the steel and aluminum tariffs that Mr. Trump plans to impose. It’s the latest departure from a White House in chaos.
The genetic testing service 23andMe is now authorized to report the mutations to its customers.
First-grade Christmas wreaths, crafted 34 years apart.
The absence of charges in the deaths of the children inflamed tensions between traffic advocates and the police, with the mayor in the middle.
The special counsel has asked about the role of the adviser, George Nader, in a January 2017 meeting in the Seychelles involving a Russian investor and a Trump transition adviser.
The president’s claims about enormous trade deficits, tariffs and the World Trade Organization are overstated and contradicted by his own economic report.
Our insistence on ascribing characteristics to entire generations is silly and can actually be harmful.
The conflict over access to emerging technologies has become painfully clear with the attempt at a hostile takeover of the American chip maker Qualcomm.
Short periods of involuntary confinement won’t stop school shooters or help people like my child.
After viewing the images, one of the jurors asked to be dismissed, saying he did not believe he could be fair and impartial. The judge excused him.
Gary D. Cohn in effect served as a proxy for the business wing of the Republican Party as it fought what may be a losing battle against new tariffs on steel and aluminum imports.
North Korea’s offer to put its nuclear weapons on the bargaining table opens the door to negotiations of unpredictable length and inevitable complexity.
Imagine if prisoners sat in classrooms learning about climate science or poetry — just like college students. Or even with them.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has a huge upside — and downside. Get to work on the upside.
South Korea says the North is open to negotiations with the United States over its nuclear program but wants military threats eliminated and its security guaranteed.
Cranks and nationalists are ascendant in the White House.
Three state laws make it impossible for federal immigration officials to deport criminals born outside the United States, the Justice Department said in a lawsuit.
A lawsuit by the pornographic-film actress claims that Mr. Trump purposely did not sign the agreement so he could later disavow any knowledge of it, if necessary.
The return of the J.A.S.A. crossword constructing class, ably assisted by Natan Last and Andy Kravis.
“Annie Hall” had been one of my favorite movies, but I was more drawn by the generational drama playing out among the new film’s principals.
Even as Democrats in the state’s population centers came out in large numbers, Republicans still cast more ballots over all thanks to their rural strength.
How interested are you in your ancestry?
Jimmy Kimmel replied to President Trump’s crack about the Oscar ceremony’s low ratings, adding that he felt “The Shape Of Water” mirrored Trump’s own life.
A new exhibition at the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles looks at the complex — and sometimes even illicit — history of photography in the United States.
Could brain science support the argument for lowering the voting age in the United States?
Our tech columnist tried to skip digital news for a while. His old-school experiment led to three main conclusions.
On guns and now trade, President Trump’s public positions have reminded G.O.P. leaders that they can never be 100 percent certain of what they’re going to get with him.
The curator Barbara Haskell marks 43 years as a curator that have taken her from Claes Oldenburg in Pasadena to “American Gothic and Other Fables” in New York.
With “Angels in America” about to reopen on Broadway, the 61-year-old playwright is feeling serene — at least by his own intense standards. Don’t get him started on the president, though.
Federal inmates who are aging or very sick can ask for “compassionate release.” Hundreds have died waiting for an answer.
Crashes clogged roadways and thousands of people lost electricity in parts of Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey as the second nor’easter in a week hit the region.
The cookie-cutter houses haven’t changed in decades, but much else in the neighborhood has, including the population’s diversity — and the prices.
Wednesday: How the weather will affect your trip home, Cynthia Nixon considers challenging Cuomo, and your favorite snowstorm activities.
All of us, liberal and conservative, will be sorry when they don’t matter anymore.
When we look in a mirror or share a photo of ourselves, who do we see?
As the opioid crisis draws attention to the impact of addiction on families, there may be a path to a new openness to sober parenting.
Emitting a high-decibel grunt or squeal while striking a backhand or uncorking a swirling roundhouse kick could give you an edge.
European Union officials announced the retaliatory moves it would take if the U.S. imposed levies on imported steel and aluminum.
Kim Jong-un’s meeting with South Korean envoys was a remarkable shift, just months after he raised fears of nuclear war.
Myanmar’s civilian leader has failed “to condemn or stop the military’s brutal campaign” against the minority Rohingya population, the museum said.
A country house in West Stockbridge, a ranch-style home in Austin and an old stone carriage house in Philadelphia.
Wednesday: The reservoirs are in good shape, Jeff Sessions teases a sanctuary city announcement, and Democrats put up more House candidates.
The greater Glasgow housing market is very active, with an inventory shortage driving up prices — but not when it comes to castles.
Imposing a surcharge of $20 to $50 per hour to use for-hire vehicles in Manhattan — on top of the current fare — would reduce congestion, a new report says.
Balkrishna Doshi, who won this year's Pritzker Prize, asks: “What is the role of an architect today, or are we going to be useful to the society at large?”
Ian Austen, a correspondent in Canada for The New York Times, chronicles the ups and downs of the country’s high-tech industry.
With an increase in extreme weather expected in the years to come, forests could be changed permanently as the world continues to warm.
Presidents have 4,000 federal jobs to fill. Mr. Trump has turned to campaign staff, lobbyists and conservatives, some lacking relevant experience, a ProPublica tally shows.
Hoda Katebi is the founder of Joojoo Azad, a politically charged fashion blog that challenges stereotypes of hijab-wearing Muslim women.
The loss of Mr. Cohn, who carried the banner for free trade and free markets in the White House, portends more populist trade and economic policies to come.
A chemical weapon sickened Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, heightening suspicions that Russia was responsible.
The attorney general announced a suit claiming the state’s immigrant-protection laws violated federal law, while Gov. Jerry Brown struck back in his own appearance.
Lawyers for the accused man, Saifullah Khan, worked relentlessly to discredit the complainant’s account, sowing what a juror called “sufficient doubt.”
The administration is expected to formally announce tariffs on Thursday despite pushback from Republican lawmakers and as officials began signaling carve-outs for certain countries.
Opioids are no better than over-the-counter pain relievers for relief of arthritic back, hip or knee pain.
A species of pitcher plant found in Singapore isn’t very good at dissolving the prey it catches, but it gets nutritional help from worm larvae that live and eat within its maws.
His resignation is a warning to all Republicans.
A statewide walkout has ended in West Virginia, but may mobilize other teachers to take action for better pay.
How much of a difference can young people make in addressing the problems our society faces? What makes their voices uniquely powerful?
Omega-3s and probiotics during pregnancy and breast-feeding may reduce risk for food allergies and eczema in early childhood.
Mr. Nunberg, who was one of the first people to take the idea of a Trump campaign seriously, would be in a position to tell the special counsel about the Trump campaign’s origins.
This week, the actor tells the story of a father who resolves to let his son face his own battles.
A friendly face in a confusing neighborhood.
The order was obtained last week to keep the woman quiet about an affair she is alleged to have had with President Trump.
Experts say the conversations most likely do not constitute witness tampering, but they show how the president has ignored advice to avoid the appearance of interfering.
A new column in the Styles section revisits features from five, 10 and even 20 years ago to measure cultural progress — or lack thereof.
A 15-year-old stood up to the Parkland gunman, yet the president won’t stand up to the N.R.A.
Ship collisions and entanglements with fishing gear now endanger these whales, once the prey of hunters.
The House plans to vote next week on legislation to beef up security at the nation’s schools, but Democrats accused Republicans of diverting attention from guns.
As aides head for the doors in record numbers, President Trump increasingly relies on his own judgment, in effect operating a presidency of one.
Mr. Xi basked in applause at the opening of China’s parliament. But his plan to end presidential term limits showed his mastery of back-room politics.
Bruce Norris’s latest play, an Colonial picaresque, reminds us that in cynical times, a swig of misanthropy can raise the spirits.
Photographers captured the nor’easter in its early stages — before it had a chance to make a mess.
Jim Quinlan drawls us a puzzle.
An ailing Gianni Versace gives his sister, Donatella, a larger role, as Andrew Cunanan pursues wealthy gay patrons in San Diego.
The European Central Bank made a subtle but important change in a statement, taking a step toward exiting crisis mode in its monetary policy.
He became well known in America in less than a month. After his figure-skating Olympic bronze, what’s next? We grilled him about where he’s going.
It all began when I stumbled upon a reference to the woman who introduced tennis to America — and found she had not received a Times obit.
Unsubscribing from unwanted physical mail is almost as easy as unsubscribing from email spam.
What story could this image tell?
The Trump administration has been aggressive, but so far it has followed the rules of the game.
Is the computer mind any easier to understand than the human one?
A retrospective of Lola Flash’s 32-year career is at the Pen and Brush Gallery in Manhattan, showcasing work that delves into questions of identity, race and gender.
Elizabeth Hinton writes that “education is a civil right that improves society and increases civic engagement.” Do you agree?
An increasingly loud drumbeat of transit advocates have demanded the city’s troubled bus system be tackled with the same enthusiasm as the subway.
The New Zealand city is laid-back and outdoorsy, but its sophistication shines in its expanding art scene, thriving fashion industry and a new generation of chefs embracing native ingredients. 
The dire existence of young athletes in Madison, Ind.: “You just can’t believe this is all happening in one small community.”
Eleven countries signed a slimmed-down version of the Trans-Pacific Partnership as they try to counter Washington’s new protectionism.
Trump promised again and again to hire the “best people.” That didn’t happen.
Yes, he pushed Lyndon Johnson out of the 1968 race. But he was an aloof, uninspiring candidate.
Thursday: The evolution of snow sculptures, the Antiquarian Book Fair, and your favorite storm activities.
A Republican polling surge has faded. It’s another example of how seeming political shifts have proved ephemeral.
The new smartphone is packed with gimmicky new features like a personal emoji creator. Don’t be surprised if getting used to those emoji takes what a Samsung executive called “an adjustment period.”
This week’s properties are in Flatiron, the financial district and Bedford Stuyvesant, Brooklyn.
Thursday: Backlash against Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s visit, San Francisco is sinking, and wild turkeys stir divisions in the East Bay.
Historically, these distant conflicts have been difficult to analyze. But new technologies allow us to investigate them in close to real time.
With so many new buildings coming on the market, developers are offering enticements like parking spots and custom closets to sell their last units.
A recent announcement about funding priorities for a major family planning program hints at retrograde thinking about contraception.
This style of sparkling wine, perhaps the very first, had largely died out. But natural wine producers embraced it, and it has gained popularity.
Promised a new apartment on the Lower East Side 50 years ago, David Santiago finally claimed it, but he could enjoy it only briefly before his death this month.
What is life like for an 8-year-old boy in a coastal Greenland village? Watch a five-minute film that touches on themes of identity and coming of age.
While looking closely at an intriguing photograph, students learn how to create a claim and support that claim with evidence.
The idea of obsolescence — of the present slipping irretrievably into the past — haunts the artist’s work.
The president raises levies on foreign steel and aluminum in hopes of reviving fading domestic industries. But imports from Mexico and Canada will be spared for now.
Companies and law enforcement agencies in California carefully tread between federal laws devised to catch undocumented workers and new state laws meant to protect them.
They diffuse farther, faster and more broadly than the truth does.
Look closely at this graph, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
A campaign of atrocities long inflicted by the Burmese military has sent 680,000 people fleeing slaughter, rape and razed villages in recent months.
The campaign’s Florida staff unwittingly engaged with trolls. “Nobody reasonably would have asked — or even thought to ask — ‘Are you sure you’re not with Russia?’ ” an aide said.
The best teenage comments from last week’s writing prompts, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
Ready for some dialogue?
The Syrian leader’s push for a military victory has put the Kremlin in a corner, unable either to risk a withdrawal or to craft the political settlement that would cement its gains in the region.
Second-guessing at a literary event is interrupted by a sweet smile and a pat on the knee.
Has President Trump studied the Smoot-Hawley act of 1930? Or the McKinley tariff act of 1890? Maybe he should.
Two new books — Anya Kamenetz’s “The Art of Screen Time” and Naomi Schaefer Riley’s “Be the Parent, Please” — offer advice to anxious parents.
We could be on the way back to the bad old days of corrupt tariff policy. Trump likes that.
Voters’ attitudes reveal what we all know — many Americans would prefer not to think about race.
Exceptions for Canada and Mexico suggest that it’s a tactic to renegotiate Nafta. 
No sitting American president has ever met a North Korean leader, and the meeting would be a breathtaking gamble for Mr. Trump.
Younger generations have a different understanding of what’s wrong with society and how to fix it.
The U.S. needs an alternative to a free-trade system that has hollowed out the factory towns that once made America great.
There is little evidence to validate the president’s concerns that unfair trade practices like transshipping are a widespread problem.
David Rabe’s dramedy is set in the emotional war zone of a mental health center, where the patients are colorful and the therapists are troubled.
The pornographic actress’s case, seeking to break an agreement to keep silent about an alleged affair with the president, could lead to his having to testify in a deposition.
The dispute over the Trump hotel in Panama City took another turn. It has a new name and competing websites. But only one has rooms available.
Neville Fogarty and Doug Peterson teach me a new word and collaborate on a Friday puzzle packed with some great fill.
President Trump has claimed that he can achieve what has eluded his predecessors through the force of his own personality, but so far, he has little to show for that.
In an unplanned segment, the “Late Show” host tackled the breaking news that the North Korean leader had invited President Trump to meet.
Joshua B. Freeman’s “Behemoth” is an accessible and cogent global history of the factory and the modern world that all Americans should read.
Corner Office, a regular interview with leading C.E.O.s, returns. In the first installment, Ken Frazier talks about race, justice and his break with President Trump.
Certain plants are relatively low maintenance and ideal for someone just starting an indoor garden.
Joe Sasto, a contestant on “Top Chef,” calls himself a “plant father” and regards a trip to the nursery as “adoption day.”
Megachurches around the country were trying to racially integrate and finding some success. Then came the 2016 election.
The data is the last major economic report before the Federal Reserve decides whether to increase the benchmark interest rate later this month.
A new group show called “Being” moves away from last year’s navel-gazing digital obsession to explore reality-based portraiture, politics and gender.
For some people, adding greenery to their space is a must because plants don’t just look good, they help clean the air.
When the United States is nowhere, silent, AWOL, despots get to do their worst.
Trump’s porn star payoff may have violated campaign finance law.
An unconventional sort of respiratory therapy: singing in the hospital bed.
The answer depends on the strength of your immune response.
Friday: College mascots reveal themselves, what to do this weekend, and a marathon soccer match.
What do you think this image is saying?
Who do you think deserves more public attention for their accomplishments or compelling life story? Why?
Friday: David Crane on pension solutions, more jousting between President Trump and California leaders, and a proposal to raise the minimum gun age.
Two decades ago, the F.D.A. paved the way for an explosion of prescription drug commercials. An episode of “black-ish” offered a worrying example.
To help the former industrial zone become a livable neighborhood, the developer will create an exclusive clinic for residents and workers.
Blockbuster job growth in February suggests this economy, already nine years into expansion, may yet have room to run.
The play, about a divisive antihero and whistle-blower, has no good guys, and a town tragically divided by politics.
In New York City, where space is always at a premium, children can outgrow spaces faster than parents can reconfigure them.
Many in besieged eastern Ghouta were said to be choosing not to leave, however, fearing for their safety and doubting they could ever return.
Countries mixed appeals to friendship with threats of retaliation. But the lobbying frenzy risked undermining the ground rules of world trade.
This tangerine, ginger and chocolate tart has verve, depth and a hint of spice.
For nearly two months, Stormy Daniels has not been the biggest story out of the Trump White House. Is that changing?
An irresistibly homey combination of parsnips, potatoes and duck legs creates a satisfying spin on a traditional dish.
Mr. Shkreli, notorious for sharply increasing drug prices and for his attention-seeking antics online, was convicted last year of defrauding investors.
Talking is better than bombing, but a summit meeting is not the way to begin.
Some of the biggest names in dieting, organic agriculture and preventive medicine died at surprisingly young ages.
The $400 million bill imposes new restrictions on firearm purchases and the possession of “bump stocks,” and funds school police officers and mental health services.
Jules Woodson reacts to the apology delivered by Andy Savage, a pastor at the Highpoint Church in Memphis, who admits to a “sexual incident” in 1998.
The communists said they were fighting for independence. But the South Vietnamese were the true patriots.
One tiny election, one obsessed chief executive.
The dark truth of Davos is that it’s booooring.
A fastball by Ryan McCarty makes us swing for the fences.
Hosts John Eligon and Rachel Swarns spoke with two women of color, adopted by families of a different race, about their experiences.
A Brazilian has amassed 100,000 autographs dating from 1140 to 2017. The Morgan Library plans to exhibit 140 of them.
After decades spent ratcheting up safety measures, many British educators say the pendulum has swung too far. Bring on the scissors, bricks and mud pits.
Drillers seek to gain from an easing of Obama-era safety and environmental regulations that were adopted after the Deepwater Horizon disaster killed 11 people.
We’ve been led to believe that men want to have sex all the time, so sexless relationships must be the woman’s fault. Turns out it’s a lot more complicated.
The most ignorant man in America knows that Donald Trump is president — but that’s about it. Living a liberal fantasy is complicated.
What can a renter do to persuade management to participate in the city’s organics pickup program?
What are his advisers thinking? They say that’s not their job.
You’ll need to use oodles of your noodle to solve David Steinberg‘s puzzle.
How President Trump threw aside caution and agreed to meet with North Korea’s Kim Jong-un in a daring and risky diplomatic gambit to end a nuclear standoff.
Disillusionment and disenfranchisement have combined to undermine our democracy. We don’t have to let them.
In Europe and elsewhere, the U.S. is a baffling and diminished suitor.
The examples of Libya and Iraq make Trump’s task harder.
There’s a gender gap when it comes to earning, or wanting to earn, at the highest levels.
Can the reckoning reach all the way into the Oval?
They need to see themselves reflected in stories that celebrate everyday beauty.
Climate change has turned the dream of a failed 18th-century explorer into a reality.
It would be something like time traveling, only — unlike time travelers in the movies — I would know the future without having a chance to change it.
Democratic strategists need to find more votes. They don’t have far to look.
The videos it recommends seem to get more and more extreme.
As readers turn the page, the portraits undergo an ‘interactive’ transformation that represents the mission of the section.
… Or solve Matthew Sewell’s pup-zle for a treat.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
After President Trump won a landslide there in 2016, Ohio has become a crucial test for populist Democrats seeking a comeback in the midterm campaign.
A (spoiler-filled) discussion of Ava DuVernay’s polarizing film adaptation of the classic young adult novel.
Advocates say legalizing marijuana would address inequities in incarceration rates. But the state’s senior black senator says shops will harm minority communities.
Working-class voters are the prize in a widely watched special congressional race on Tuesday, as unions try to line up their pro-Trump members behind a moderate Democrat, Conor Lamb.
This year, don’t wait until the last minute. Here’s some help.
It will be built by liberalizing the economy, promoting enterprise and a commitment to democracy and the rule of law.
Ferdous is from Afghanistan, Florentina from Kosovo and Damian from Berlin. A German high school class visited Sachsenhausen, where 50,000 are believed to have died during World War II.
Counterterrorism investigators are looking into anonymous letters that said points would be awarded for acts like pulling off a woman’s scarf and bombing a mosque.
After buying Time Inc. for $2.8 billion, Meredith is the largest magazine company in the United States, but it’s not about to change its unassuming style.
Thinking about an old routine during a new commute.
John R. O’Brien makes note of something not all of us can readily see.
Gamelike methods can effectively motivate workers, in the right circumstances. But as United Airlines recently showed, they can also be alienating.
President Trump is likely to present the proposal soon, despite risking swift rejection by the Palestinians and already having taken on another thorny dispute, with North Korea.
During a brutal winter, a warm spell feels like a gift. It isn’t.
The sugar industry has spent years trying to fool you into eating poorly. Fortunately, you have the ability to fight back.
This is about the defamation of, silencing of, and shouting down of women.
Lawyers for the president and the porn actress sparred over the weekend, as “60 Minutes” prepared to show an interview it conducted with her last week.
Virginia, with a smothering defense and the pace of a manatee, is the team to beat in the N.C.A.A. tournament.
As President Trump prepares to negotiate with the North, it will be watching closely as he decides whether to abandon the landmark 2015 Iran accord.
This week’s episode challenged Gabriel more than ever before.
As the Saudi crown prince comes to the U.S. to court investment, new details cast doubts on his claims of a transparent, legal anti-corruption effort.
On Sunday Fox aired “O.J. Simpson: The Lost Confession,” a special built around a “hypothetical” explanation of the murders of Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman.
A series of droughts with little recovery time in the intervals has pushed millions to the edge of survival in the Horn of Africa.
Bracketology comes with many assumptions and suppositions. Don’t fall into these traps.
A decaying bridge has ignited a debate over how a struggling city treats some of its poorer residents.
Andy Richter photographed around the world to present a diverse look at an ancient practice.
Revelations about the deletion of evidence implicating the prime minister’s wife in a land deal could complicate his effort to win a third term.
The most comprehensive study on them has recently been published, showing mostly modest effects. 
Research gives estimates on the longer lives that are now possible in the country. 
As book collections shrink, bookends are becoming more essential — and more interesting.
“No one can predict what will happen to Cuba in the coming years, which is why you must rush there now. As in, right now.”
Post a comment or send us an image that answers this question, and your work may appear in a new Times print section in April.
Post a comment or send us an image that answers this question, and your work may appear in a new Times print section in April.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
My daughter was captivated by her portrait, and the moment captivated a lot of other people. Here’s why it matters.
I was afraid I wasn’t smart enough to be in a classroom filled with brilliant young people. But I realized I had some things to say.
Every political camp wants to claim him as its own. But he was no ideologue.
On the tourist mecca of Gotland, tradition is upheld and showiness is frowned upon. What, then, explains its recent crop of contemporary residences?
Experts say parents should acknowledge sexting as an aspect of teen relationships and include it in conversations about safety and respect.
Monday: Overdue obituaries for New York women, a march for safer streets and the founding of the Girl Scouts of America.
History is filled with examples of scientifically sound guidance that was ignored by those in power.
With the country in crisis, its most vocal opposition leader, Leopoldo López, is under house arrest, unable to act. What happens if he does?
A look at one of the most revealed entries from the past week of crossword puzzles.
Monday: President Trump is visiting SoCal, Gavin Newsom fights his “Davos Democrat” image, and a Hispanic community center defies the rain.
An impresario known for his ceremonies at Olympic Games is recreating one of the world’s great masterpieces. Will the spectacle appeal to tourists and Romans?
The company said Harvey Schwartz would retire, clearing the way for David Solomon, his fellow president and co-chief operating officer, to take the top job.
Tipped workers deserve a better deal than they’re getting now.
In a pair of tweets, President Trump cited “not much political support” now to move ahead with his pledges after the deadly mass school shooting in Florida.
The crash raised questions about the safety risks involved in allowing amateurs on so-called photo flights.
Over more than 40 years, Mr. Givenchy dressed the likes of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Grace Kelly and memorably Audrey Hepburn in “Breakfast at Tiffany’s.”
For the second time in a week, a jury in the corruption trial of Joseph Percoco, a former top aide to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, said it was at an impasse.
Another disturbing revelation rocks the Bayer-Boatwright family, as Audrey’s faith in her own way of doing things continues to unravel.
The cocktail world is rediscovering a juice that was largely sidelined to the tiki bar.
A pornographic film star who says she had an affair with President Trump will return $130,000 she got from Mr. Trump’s personal lawyer if doing so means she can speak freely, her lawyer said in a letter.
Some said the Toba volcano’s explosion brought humanity to the brink of extinction 74,000 years ago, but archaeological evidence from South Africa challenges the idea.
This ensemble piece from the Baxter Theater Center of Cape Town traces the exhilaration and ache of group activism.
Prime Minister Theresa May’s remarks were an unusually direct condemnation of a country that Britain has been loath to blame for previous attacks.
Many Asian cuisines have been part of the landscape in the United States for decades, but only in recent years have Filipino dishes started gaining recognition outside immigrant communities.
Killings, death threats and “wanted” posters are used to intimidate advocates fighting the spread of tobacco to poor and middle-income nations.
Many differences between the two reptiles center on their heads and mouths, but researchers in Japan have found features in their limbs that set them apart.
The Austin interim police chief warned residents not to touch any unexpected or suspicious packages. “Call 911,” he said.
Marketers are increasingly concerned that too many of the influencers they pay to push their products are actually followed by a percentage of accounts that are fake.
After a made-for-television moment in which he appeared to embrace expansive gun control, President Trump completed his reversal on Monday.
As teenagers consider joining a national school walkout, new research points toward the benefits of political activism.
Mr. Trump is making his first visit as president to California at a time of extraordinary tensions between these two governments.
An investigation found that the celebrated conductor had engaged in “sexually abusive and harassing conduct” both before and during his time at the Met.
The race for a vacant House seat in a red district near Pittsburgh has evolved into the latest test of whether Democrats can make inroads with Trump voters.
House Intelligence Committee Republicans are ending their investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election, saying the Trump campaign did not collude with the Kremlin.
A good day to start with bacon, egg and cheese.
Trump only wants advisers who treat him like a tin-pot dictator demands.
President Trump issued an order prohibiting Broadcom, a Singapore-based chip maker, from purchasing Qualcomm, citing a threat to the national security of the United States.
Our article about Nakesha Williams, who became homeless and resisted help from social workers, friends and acquaintances, moved many readers.
Principals are the key to success.
It’s fine for Mr. de Blasio to value the counsel of his wife, but it’s wrong for him to think she should be paid.
The link between domestic violence and mass shootings raises questions about what legal responsibility we load on abuse victims.
She keeps finding new ways to fail our kids.
In Joshua Harmon’s new comedy, all it takes to turn a liberal into a martyr is a deferment from Yale.
John Moore remains the cat with nine lives. Not so for everyone in this tense and brutal episode.
Carl Worth makes his New York Times Crossword debut
New Zealand has opened its skies to self-piloted electric planes financed by one of Google’s founders.
Here’s one thing you can do today so if your laptop is lost or stolen, your private, personal data doesn’t fall into the wrong hands too.
Who do you predict to win the tournament this year?
Two photographers document a community of Chinese-Americans in the birthplace of the blues.
Why does the timing of an idea matter, not simply the idea itself?
And yes, it could be wrong. Or “wrong.” To understand why, it’s important to understand how our forecast works.
The Nobel laureate, and last surviving member of Latin America’s Boom generation, has a feisty new novel and a fiery essay collection.
“Hey, hey, sexy, hey, I’m Bob, a Savannah sparrow.” Birds near oil fields tweak their mating calls in complex ways that researchers are only starting to grasp.
As I emerged from alcoholism, I had to face down a terrifying question.
The president, goaded by conservatives, is targeting an effort to address racial disparities in school discipline, arguing that any relaxation of policies could let a killer slip through the cracks.
A coordinated protest on Wednesday at schools across the U.S. has administrators making special plans for students who may not be old enough to handle the subject.
The living history museum has stayed true to its roots while adding immersive activities that have increased attendance.
The first half of our 52 Places Traveler’s trip around the Caribbean brings her to Trinidad and its famous Carnival, and to St. Lucia, where she had a relaxing stop.
Whether in sports, politics or law, “process” can be a reliable tool for solving problems — or an excuse for maintaining the status quo.
Her heart stopped, and blood began pouring out of her nose and mouth. What was going on?
As the list of endangered animals worldwide grows longer, society may soon be faced with an impossible decision: which ones to take off life support.
As TreeHugger’s founder, Graham Hill, discovered when he built a home in Hawaii, a sustainable house can be more luxurious than a conventional one.
The former pornographic film actress was recently interviewed by “60 Minutes,” and Colbert was eager to offer his take on the controversy.
President Trump unleashes his charms on Kim Jong-un and the voters of the 18th Congressional District.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has cultivated close ties with President Trump, but appears sidelined on North Korea.
Rock music didn’t just define the antiwar movement in the 1960s. It shaped the men and women who served, too.
Broad tariffs alone won’t do anything to stop China’s unfair practices. The U.S. should use every tool in its arsenal.
Tuesday: Phone-free spots in the city, more snow, and Brain Awareness Week.
Venezuela placed the opposition leader Leopoldo López under house arrest, hoping to keep him quiet. But he continues to speak out. Here’s Part 2 of his story.
Researchers found that with a dog in the bedroom, both the humans and the dogs slept reasonably well.
The prime minister’s faction, Fatah, blamed Hamas for the attack, which he survived. Hamas blamed Israel. Others had a longer list of suspects.
Rex W. Tillerson, a former chief executive of Exxon Mobil, had been among President Trump’s most well-regarded cabinet choices. He is replaced by Mike Pompeo, currently the C.I.A. director.
Tuesday: The authorities brace for protest, an intense snowfall hits Sierra Nevada, and a new statue commemorates agricultural guest workers.
The fate of Mr. Levine at the Metropolitan Opera may be an opportunity to consider the vast, almost mystical power granted to conductors.
The tactic of subverting language to turn vice into virtue has a very dark past.
This is a story about rigatoni. And bucatini. And yes, the president.
Before concentrating on the United States market, liquor companies and craft distilleries want to persuade Nordic youth.
Mr. McEntee, who was President Trump’s personal assistant, was forced out after his security clearance was revoked, but he will join the campaign as a senior adviser.
At a new array of places in Manhattan, curry is served with Hindi hip-hop, hallucinatory art and lots of flowers.
The Metropolitan Opera’s new production of Mozart’s “Così Fan Tutte,” set in 1950s Coney Island, uses sideshow and burlesque performers.
In a new, detailed international comparison, the United States looks a lot more like its peers than researchers expected.
Mr. Percoco, the governor’s former executive deputy secretary, was accused of accepting more than $300,000 in bribes from executives of two companies.
For years, no chef dared try to improve the most iconic French pastry. Now, though, a new generation of bakers is trying.
Five women told The Times that Mr. Meier sexually harassed them. In response, he announced a six-month leave as founder and managing partner of his firm.
As the country imports ever more of its fruits and vegetables, it’s time to examine the positive and negative effects on consumers and farmers.
In an East-meets-West Cold War tale, Magda Saleh danced “Giselle” with the Bolshoi and at home in Cairo, where calling a woman a dancer was an insult.
The state attorney for Broward County said he would ask jurors to condemn Mr. Cruz to death after a rampage in Parkland, Fla., left 17 people dead.
Here’s how on issue after issue, the new secretary of state is too similar to the president.
It’s not the violent content. It’s the toxic culture.
David Cay Johnston’s “It’s Even Worse Than You Think” is an account of Trump’s efforts to create a weakened government.
The artist worked in secret on his first love, painting, for his new show. This is the anti-Venice, he says.
Prescription medicine is not always the answer.
With no cabs around, a friend runs on ahead.
He can’t change the president, but he can get back to trying to solve problems in the real world.
He’s right that we have a real trade problem with China. But he’s wrong about what to do about it.
Ms. Haspel, the deputy director of the C.I.A., ran a secret prison in Thailand in 2002 where a Qaeda suspect was waterboarded.
Our parents did not succeed in ensuring our safety at school. So we must do it ourselves.
Representative K. Michael Conaway of Texas had said the Russians hadn’t favored Donald J. Trump’s candidacy. But on Tuesday, he said it was a matter of interpretation.
Mr. Tillerson’s dismissal pulls the White House even further out of the economic and foreign policy mainstream and closer to the nationalist ideas that animated Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.
Best I can tell, I’m the only one here from a major American news outlet other than NBC, which broadcasts the Games.
Jeff Chen tries to stir us up.
A special House election in western Pennsylvania ended the night too close to call, with Conor Lamb, a Democrat, and Rick Saccone, a Republican, separated by a few hundred votes.
A physicist and best-selling author, Dr. Hawking did not allow his physical limitations to hinder his quest to answer “the big question: Where did the universe come from?”
As a massive manufacturing exporter, the aerospace giant is particularly vulnerable to retaliation from China, a major customer.
The Democrat’s showing in Pennsylvania foretells a brutal November for President Trump and his party.
Are there any books that you would — or wouldn’t — want to see made into a movie?
Is your class or school district doing anything to protest gun violence and honor the Parkland, Fla., shooting victims?
The work of five freelance photographers on assignment for The New York Times is on display now at an exhibition at Sotheby’s in London.
What are some of the benefits of introducing risk at a young age? What could be some of the drawbacks?
The Wu-Tang Clan member on doing time and Martin Shkreli.
You don’t need to unplug entirely — just for an hour or so.
Alan Hollinghurst, one of England’s most celebrated novelists, has changed with the times and found new ways to surprise.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to inform prospective tenants of bigoted neighbors and more.
In Russia, the poisoning of an ex-spy in Britain only adds to President Vladimir V. Putin’s image as a fearless defender of the nation — just before an election.
Qatar went to extreme lengths to secure the release of a captured hunting party — including a disastrous population transfer in Syria.
More than half a million Rohingya refugees face looming disaster from floods and landslides when the first storms of the monsoon season hit their camp in Bangladesh.
In a coordinated action, students left their classrooms and sometimes marched in the streets a month after 17 people were killed in a Florida high school.
Just a few years after a car crash left him with a severe brain injury, Mr. Morgan is back with “The Last O.G.,” a new comedy about second chances.
Ranked one of the most culturally diverse cities in the country, Clifton also offers more affordable housing than nearby cities.
“Trump brags about firing people the same way a toddler brags about using the bathroom alone for the first time,” Fallon said.
The president might want to actually use the office, not just occupy it.
The woman President Trump has chosen to lead the C.I.A. assisted torture and helped deceive the American people. Other women should not be applauding.
“The Star-Spangled Banner” is not alone in having some disturbing lyrics.
Voters who turned out for Donald Trump in 2016 appeared to turn on his chosen House candidate Tuesday, helping Conor Lamb, the Democrat, take a slight lead.
Older cyclists are not like most of the rest of us. They are healthier. They are, biologically, younger.
Wednesday: A nationwide walkout over gun violence, nippy weather and Pi Day.
Mr. Tillerson’s push for nuclear talks put him at odds with his boss. He has been replaced as secretary of state just as President Trump prepares to meet Kim Jong-un.
Prime Minister Theresa May said it was the biggest expulsion of diplomats in more than 30 years.
A Victorian manor in Evanston, a two-bedroom condominium in Charleston and a hilltop house in Los Angeles.
Wednesday: The president in California, a famed architect is accused of harassment, and Berkeley’s Telegraph Avenue.
The retail giant is accelerating its efforts in the online-grocery sector as rivals, led by Amazon, wage their own aggressive campaigns for control of America’s kitchen cupboards.
Cuernavaca has long been a favorite with luxury buyers. But these days, the American dollar goes a long way there.
From the 16th to the 20th centuries, the full-length portrait was the most expensive form of representation money could buy, conferring instant status.
Brooks Barnes, who covers Hollywood for The New York Times, discussed how the tsunami of technology has forced the entertainment industry to change.
Former whiz kids who made their fortunes in the technology industry are now settling down, seemingly more attuned to the power they wield.
As we embarked on the Overlooked project, we wanted to be able to show how the gender breakdown had changed over time. That turned out to be a project unto itself.
In hospitals, clinics and books, he revolutionized our understanding of how children develop psychologically.
Mr. McCabe faces accusations that he was not forthcoming about F.B.I. media contacts. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is reviewing a recommendation that he be fired, just days before his retirement.
Ms. Holmes, the chief executive of the blood-testing company, agreed to a settlement in which she will be stripped of control.
 A brief history of the cosmologist's discoveries and life.
Mr. Lamb’s performance in a southwestern Pennsylvania House race rattled Republicans and showed Democrats how to win back Trump voters.
The CNBC commentator, who would replace the former Wall Street executive Gary D. Cohn, said Mr. Trump “regards himself as a free trader.”
Readers responded to an article about an Ohio man who has avoided political news since the election of Donald Trump.
The House Intelligence Committee is done investigating. Now come the attacks against Robert Mueller.
So as I began my Quebec road trip this week, I sought out Gabriel Nadeau-Dubois, a charismatic young proponent of Quebec’s independence from Canada.
You may expect the mature Ms. Shields to claim the status of poster woman for the #MeToo movement, calling out a list of predatory studio honchos. Nope.
The prime minister retaliated for the use of a nerve agent against a former spy, but Britain’s weakened government may find it hard to inflict much pain.
This week, the actress reads Nina Riggs’s essay about how cancer can complicate the relationship between people and their possessions.
Wondering what to buy and what to eat. They are not always the same.
The United States used to stand up for human rights, but that was before the Trump administration.
The career counselor has the answers.
Herman Bell was one of three men convicted in the 1971 ambush killings of two police officers in Harlem. Now, at age 70, he will soon be released from prison.
Some voters in a special House race supported Conor Lamb to express their dislike of the president. Others just liked Mr. Lamb better than his Republican opponent.
His true strength was more than just his disembodied intellect.
The British envoy used a Security Council meeting to formally accuse the Russians. His American counterpart called the attack “an atrocious crime.”
Two months after four American soldiers were killed in the West African country, a group of Green Berets and local forces killed 11 ISIS militants in a previously undisclosed battle.
Hargreaves sent her children a message from the apex: “I am on the highest point of the world, and I love you dearly.” She perished months later while descending Earth’s second-highest peak, K2.
The Keen Company’s limpid revival of A.R. Gurney’s 1993 play makes a case for this eloquent portrait of a man who can’t change.
Joe DiPietro reminds us what day it is.
A look at Andrew Cunanan’s childhood reveals that the apple didn’t fall far from the tree.
And other possibly distressing lessons from the recent fashion season.
Browser extensions can make your internet experience more productive, efficient and fun.
Take some time and goof around this week!
What is your reaction to the school walkouts on March 14? What are your experiences with this or any other political activism?
What story could this image tell?
The consumer products giant has had a base in both London and Rotterdam for decades, but it is moving to simplify its corporate structure.
What will be remembered about the celebrated life of the British physicist Stephen Hawking?
Bore test holes near the shore. Don’t think or talk about politics.
The British classicist finds a joyful opportunity in Homer’s repeating phrases.
A seemingly inexorable economic trend has changed direction in the past few years, as people who cited health reasons for not working are returning to the labor force.
After finding ways to embrace changes in her vocal range, the 77-year-old folk singer has released an album that she is calling her final recording.
This multicultural hub in the highlands of southern Mexico is known for its mild climate, rich culinary and craft traditions, and complex history. 
Petrochemical companies were hit by a series of cyberassaults last year. The worst of them, against a widely used safety system, could have set off an explosion.
Disagreement among Republicans as well as the president’s ambivalence have helped thwart a favorite conservative proposal.
“You know, I’m really enjoying this radical new Democratic strategy called ‘trying,’” Bee said.
Without Congress or a political process, an impeachment investigation will not happen, no matter what he uncovers.
The president dreams of living in a world with “Fox & Friends” and almost no one else.
Using legislative history to interpret laws once risked tiptoeing over the hot coals of his scorn. No longer. Now justices use it without apology.
An effective State Department needs a secretary with the president’s ear.
Horst Faas was the longest-serving foreign photographer in Saigon. In some ways, he never left.
A documentary shines a spotlight on the grim relationship between race and cancer.
I chased patterns where there were none, but I saw one that was very real: This was not the only relationship my mental illness would detonate.
Thursday: Signs of Shakespeare in the city, race and the #MeToo movement, and literary leftovers.
Tourist helicopters are unnecessary pollutants but a mayor who imagines himself as a climate-change visionary has done little to stop them.
No. 13 Buffalo and No. 11 Loyola-Chicago scored big victories over higher-ranked opponents. Here’s what happened on Day 1 of the tournament.
This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Glen Cove, N.Y. and a three-bedroom in Old Greenwich, Conn.
This week’s properties are in Flatiron, East Harlem and Ditmas Park, Brooklyn.
Thursday: L.A. supervisor relents on homeless complex, students marching across California, veterans program closes, banning fur and, finally, lots of rain.
Property taxes can make up a hefty chunk of monthly housing expenses. Where you live makes a difference.
The actions came at the same time the Trump administration joined a collective statement with Britain, France and Germany denouncing Russia for its apparent role in a nerve-gas attack.
The house specialty at this Corona, Queens, restaurant is tlayudas, built on giant tortillas imported from Mexico, where the corn grows starchier and stronger.
City workers assigned to help homeless students are overwhelmed, leaving many of the children to miss enormous amounts of school.
Pennsylvania, China, steel and illusions. Here are his answers to some of your questions.
For newborns who are losing weight, supplementing breast-feeding with formula for a few days may provide a kick-start.
The chef Edouardo Jordan locates the pleasure and meaning of hog maw, pigs’ ears and other “ingredients we don’t want to talk about.”
The president boasted that he was just improvising when he insisted to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that the U.S. had a trade deficit with Canada.
The video shows events outside Stoneman Douglas High during the shooting, including the only armed deputy at the school taking cover outside and not confronting the gunman.
Soi 38 is a colorful nook of a restaurant churning out classic Thai street food.
The U.S. had a trade surplus with Canada of $12.5 billion in 2016. But during a fund-raiser in Missouri on Wednesday, the president recounted ignoring that reality in a meeting with Justin Trudeau.
An Algonquin Canadian chef uses food to reclaim her culture amid recent murders and a history of forced assimilation.
The court order is the first known time the special counsel has demanded that records directly related to the president’s businesses be turned over.
Mayor de Blasio’s wife, Chirlane McCray, has raised her profile in New York and beyond, boosting her husband as she mulls her own run for office.
Russian women, who outlive men by more than a decade on average, are among the president’s biggest fans, especially older women.
The pedestrian walkway at Florida International University was under construction and not yet open to the public, a university official said.
A musician faces tanks and riot police with his instrument, spreading a message of peace in a time of crisis.
The first New York retrospective in 35 years of this Regional painter has ups, downs, detours and lots to see and think about.
Classroom ideas for using this 20-minute podcast, which features context and analysis about the news of the day.
The president, who is famously fickle, appears to have soured on additional members of his senior leadership team, and some people around him are convinced he could make more moves soon.
A flat fine threatens poor people with financial ruin, but it lets rich people off easy. Real justice requires punishment that is equally felt.
New York City in 1975 was experiencing perhaps the worst moment in its history. The photographer Meryl Meisler loved it immediately.
Why does a doctor who took an oath to do no harm take part in executions?
In the last year, Russian hackers have gone from infiltrating business networks of energy, water and nuclear plants to worming their way into control rooms.
A muffin here, a doughnut there. Who’s really getting hurt?
The Pennsylvania special election vote suggests Republican bait and switch doesn’t work like it used to.
In gun-friendly Montana, the walkouts stirred controversy. Two students explained their decisions to walk out, or stay in class.
The toy retailer is another failure of financial engineering, one that could portend a potentially more ominous outlook for private equity in the digital era.
A Democratic candidate wins while reinforcing his party’s soul.
Russian elites have been secretly buying up London property for years through shell companies. With tensions high, British leaders mull a crackdown.
“He put the infant and the infant-mother relationship at the center of the universe, and everything he has done stems from that change,” a psychologist who knew him said.
The president’s daughter-in-law filed for an uncontested divorce in Manhattan Supreme Court on Thursday.
The lowest risk for cardiovascular disease was a B.M.I. of 22 to 23.
Before the dust has settled on a plan to introduce sweeping tariffs on foreign metals, the White House is readying another major trade action.
And, not surprisingly, it still falls short.
The Jimmy Buffett jukebox musical is so laid back it collapses.
Robyn Weintraub plays tug-of-war with us on a Friday.
The previous episode centered around Al’s failures. This week it was Earn’s turn.
How is fashion linked to the times in which we live?
Legislation would allow more home building along transit routes to reduce gas-guzzling commutes. Some who support the goal have denounced the method.
Kimmel said, “Now you can give money to a porn star — just like the president of the United States.”
What have been your best museum experiences, and why?
Despite warnings from experts, older people are using more anti-anxiety and sleep medications, putting them at risk of serious side effects and even overdoses.
American teenagers describe the impact of the bomb and gun threats that terrorize their schools, excite panic, then fizzle.
The United States just started another epic borrowing binge. And if you borrow money — through a credit card, a mortgage or an auto loan — you could end up paying the price. 
Most people will draw a man. Researchers investigate the consequences. 
In “The Mechanism,” José Padilha tackles Operation Car Wash, Brazil’s investigation of looting and kickbacks among the political and business elite.
Gov. Bruce Rauner is among the nation’s most vulnerable incumbent governors. Kennedy and Pritzker are among the big names vying to replace him.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and his political operation have gone into overdrive, though his aides say it has nothing to do with Ms. Nixon’s possible candidacy.
Tales from the tiny offices where New Yorkers go to fight summonses for everything from unshoveled sidewalks to underheated hot dogs.
With air travel expected to be at an all-time high, a look at where we’re flocking as a new season begins.
The borough is still in the midst of a building boom, but falling rents and rising vacancies at the top of the market could signal trouble ahead.
The more the outgoing secretary got to know Trump, the more he was offended.
The grown-ups on the way out of Trump’s White House should tell us what they saw.
Francis takes risks while reshaping the Catholic Church’s relations with the modern world.
Obituaries in The New York Times have been long dominated by white men. We’re adding the stories of remarkable women like Ida B. Wells, who took on racism in the South.
The mercy of dementia is that Mom is immune to the psychological distress that often accompanies cancer treatment.
Medical experts still don’t know the precise cause of canker sores, though anyone can get them.
Friday: A bartender on immigration reform, St. Patrick’s Day celebrations, and the CareForce One Travelogues.
Friday: Joan Baez on retirement, a former reporter now homeless and the death of a retail mecca
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson made the remarks just hours before the police in London said they were treating the death of another Russian expatriate as a murder.
The helicopter crashed shortly after takeoff, according to residents of the town of Qaim, near the Syrian border.
With smuggled luxury goods and illicitly purchased oil, Kim Jong-un’s government maneuvers around measures meant to inhibit its nuclear program.
Clem Labine, the founder of “Old-House Journal,” bought this Brooklyn brownstone for about $25,000 in the 1960s.
University of Maryland-Baltimore County becomes the first No. 16 seed to knock off a No. 1 seed in the men’s N.C.A.A. tournament. Here’s what happened Friday.
At least six people died in the collapse of a pedestrian walkway at Florida International University. Many families are still waiting for news of loved ones.
The charges against the former South African leader were the latest chapter in a long-running corruption case that tarnished the country’s governing African National Congress for years.
A protest figure, the Communist Party candidate, has shown growing strength in the Russian presidential vote, particularly in the cities.
How to unlock Quebec’s identity? One way is through its food, Dan Bilefsky finds.
Fifty years ago today, U.S. troops slaughtered some 500 Vietnamese civilians in a small coastal village. Why was only one man punished?
This category outsells single malts, but it’s in decline and is seeking a role beyond legacy drinkers and cocktails.
The president’s outlook on service workers could have real economic consequences.
The energy that elites spend being ashamed of their advantages would be better spent sharing the fruits of those advantages.
How do you bounce back when news gets you down? Let us know in the comments.
Steel-cut oats, toasted in brown butter and cooked with unsweetened cocoa, makes the average bowl of porridge all the more sophisticated.
The Travel Desk would like to solicit your ideas of what an actual Wakanda trip would look like. We will feature 10 of the most innovative submissions in a future Travel issue. 
Ireland’s leader, Leo Varadkar, the gay son of a Hindu father of Indian descent, tries to nudge the United States back to the moral high ground.
Two embattled cabinet secretaries — Ben Carson and David Shulkin — remained in their jobs Friday. The absence of any formal announcements suggested an effort to tamp down the anxiety in the West Wing.
The duty of the president’s team is not to second guess him or the outcome of the last election.
A bowlful of udon noodles in a quick, homemade vegetarian broth is one of the most nourishing and satisfying meals you can eat.
Following a crash that killed five passengers in New York City, federal regulators ordered an immediate stop to certain open-door flights nationwide.
“Hippocratic,” a documentary about Dr. M.R. Rajagopal, who helps India’s dying, shows the desperate need for the same drugs maligned for causing overdoses.
She stars in more ads than auto insurance.
Putin’s victory on Sunday is a certainty, but what other victories might he win in Europe?
Roland Huget double crosses us, and comes full circle.
Lack of candor is a fireable offense at the F.B.I., but Mr. McCabe’s last-minute dismissal from the agency was carried out against a highly politicized backdrop.
Scientists and National Institute of Health officials waged a concerted campaign to obtain funding from the alcohol industry for research that may enshrine alcohol as a part of a healthy diet.
Meet the monks of Mepkin Abbey, a Trappist monastery in South Carolina, who are trying to maintain age-old religious traditions in a rapidly evolving world.
Cambridge Analytica harvested personal information from a huge swath of the electorate to develop techniques that were later used in the Trump campaign.
The Kurds may not have an actual state in what they call Rojava, northern Syria, but they have plenty of bureaucracy.
How can a reader persuade boisterous neighbors to clean up after themselves?
You’ve evolved to solve this puzzle by Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon.
Brian McCann and Charlie Morton’s careers came full circle at the end of Game 7 of the World Series, as they celebrated the Astros’ first championship.
The president wants to bring the Fox cast into the White House, fully merging with the source of his ideas, tweets and gratification.
The long-serving Russian leader, who is about to be re-elected for a six-year term, has become a model for the modern autocrat.
In a Kansas courtroom, the nation’s leading vote suppressors are being revealed for the con artists they are.
Easter Island’s demise is a lesson for the world.
From one activist to another: Trust your instincts, study your history and don’t read the comments.
Ignore naysayers. The party’s field of presidential contenders is chockablock with potential.
Hey Daniel Raymon, do you use an inkwell? Because you just quilled it with this puzzle.
Voters came out in smaller numbers than the Kremlin had hoped, but the result showed that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia enjoys broad approval among the people.
Interior Department inspectors visited 40 platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico last week after an alert about “potentially catastrophic” crane accidents.
Conor Lamb’s victory in Pennsylvania, with his vow to oppose Ms. Pelosi, has emboldened other moderate and liberal Democrats to distance themselves from her.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Men from Dagestan in southern Russia have long wrestled in bouts between mountain villages. Today, the region embraces the sport as an alternative to Islamist terrorism.
While President Trump had largely sought to avoid alienating the special counsel in recent months, he has shifted his tone in the past two days.
The city in the Syrian enclave was the target of a two-month military operation against Kurdish militias. Tens of thousands of civilians evacuated as its fall neared.
In a new ad campaign aimed at distinguishing itself from low-cost competitors, the airline is emphasizing the in-flight perks included with a standard ticket.
Police lying persists, even amid an explosion of video evidence that has allowed the public to test officers’ credibility.
Humans will have to get used to their machine co-workers. But the robot next to you may not be ready to be your replacement. At least, not yet.
Amiri Taylor is John Lennon. His twin brother, Rahiem, is Paul McCartney. And their stage is down below the streets of New York City.
A new category of prescription medical treatments, what executives call digital therapeutics, comes in the form of mobile apps. 
American and British lawmakers called on Facebook to explain how a political data firm tied to the Trump campaign harvested private data from more than 50 million users.
Veterans accounted for 24.3 percent of the American Paralympic team this year, and they benefit from funding sources not available to civilians.
The Trump administration’s protectionist policies are prompting governments from Chile to Canada to forge closer ties with one another, and to seek more trade with China and Europe.
Even as the State Department weighs approval of more than $1 billion in new arms, lawmakers are pushing for a resolution that they say would prevent Washington from giving the Saudis “a blank check.”
Michael Wiesenberg and Andrea Carla Michaels bring some color to today’s crossword.
Leaving a book behind on the No. 1.
The lack of an arena-circuit headliner at this year’s festival, the 32nd, just helped level the playing field for the performers who still flock to Austin, Tex.
After we published an article on tipping and the power imbalance it creates between customers and servers, hundreds of readers wrote in with their own experiences — on both sides of the equation.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has tried to distance himself from the trial of his former aide, Joseph Percoco, who was convicted of federal corruption charges.
This city’s building boom has reached the place where my family and friends wove a life.
Ignoring the advice of aides over how to deal with the special counsel was the decision of a president who ultimately trusts only his own instincts.
A huge block in the first half set the tone in a game in which the Tar Heels were forced out to the perimeter and could not catch up.
The authorities said the latest explosion in Austin, Tex., might have been triggered by a tripwire, and made a direct appeal to whomever has been planting the deadly package bombs.
Why I fear for the nation I love.
The Trump administration seems more interested in appeasing student loan companies than helping those who are in debt.
An issue that people care about and doesn’t need to be partisan.
He has damaged the American brand.
In an overstuffed one-man show, Modesto Jimenez recalls a personal journey that includes gang life, a liberal-arts college and experimental theater.
Negan’s attitude is a little different without his trusty Lucille.
This lush, wild bit of Puerto Rico, a word-of-mouth destination that draws a loyal following of visitors, is rebuilding after last year’s ferocious hurricane season.
Sugar sneaks into our diets in many, many ways. Here’s how to cut it out.
Mikael Owunna met and photographed more than 50 L.G.B.T.Q. Africans in 10 countries across Europe and North America, and the resulting images exhibit the power that comes from insiders documenting their own community.
Oral health cannot properly be considered apart from the health of the rest of the body. 
This season, dark-skinned models helped diversify the runways.
The president and former law enforcement and intelligence officials are trading Twitter insults, turning a conflict that would have once stayed private into a public brawl.
At a cost of $1.4 billion, a National Institutes of Health program may help scientists discover links between diseases, genes and lifestyle. But the project faces obstacles.
Native American women are running for office in record numbers. Some are fighting pipelines. Others are fighting environmentalists.
In “Just the Funny Parts,” Nell Scovell — who’s crafted jokes for everyone from David Letterman to President Obama — describes the toxic misogyny she’s endured.
Evenings can be lively in Cruz Bay and the beaches are still inviting. But major resorts are closed and cleanup efforts continue.
Mr. Di Maio’s meteoric and improbable rise reflects Italy’s newly turbulent politics, as well as the lack of experience of his Five Star party.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Removing arguments of individual morality from the equation is the best way to find consensus and determine public policy.
I am a high school junior, and I shoot guns and hunt. Many of the kids protesting guns right now don’t seem to know that much about them.
North Korea may be unreliable, but it was America that broke with the Korean armistice by introducing nuclear weapons into South Korea in 1958.
Monday: A history of city living, the Socially Relevant film festival, and researching your apartment.
Authors of two books about aging pass along some of the wisdom of the oldest old about what brings meaning and pleasure to their twilight years.
Or, have you ever pressured someone else to do so?
What can be done to ensure that all students are treated fairly?
A European Union plan would hit Silicon Valley’s technology giants especially hard, further straining relations with the United States over taxes and trade.
A look at one of the most revealed entries in last week’s New York Times crossword puzzles.
This month’s constructor spotlight shines on Lynn Lempel, prolific queen of the Monday puzzles.
Monday: Cities divided over recreational marijuana, a church for the Instagram era and a ban on reading while walking.
The new telling of “Forty Girls,” which mixes video, songs and traditional and modern music, is a bold departure for a Muslim country, especially Uzbekistan.
Farid’s inexplicable connection with Ramon has awakened Farid to the possibility of some overarching force in the universe.
It’s a lot of work, but this traditional dish remains one of America’s most regional, and revered, specialties.
The change of a single word in the new tax law means baseball, basketball and other sports franchises could now face capital gains taxes every time they exchange players.
A woman in Tempe, Ariz., died after being hit by a self-driving car operated by Uber, in what is believed to be the first fatality of a pedestrian from an autonomous vehicle on public roads.
The lawyer, Joseph E. diGenova, will serve as an aggressive player on the president’s legal team.
A new show draws on the art and writings of Leonora Carrington and Alejandro Jodorowsky, and gives viewers a peek into an expansive world.
In this spry and winning show, a Canadian playwright links the story of her great-grandparents to the refugee crisis of the present.
A fourth bomb triggered by a tripwire suggests a higher level of sophistication in the wave of bomb attacks that have unnerved the residents of Austin.
Ms. Nixon, an education activist best known for her work on “Sex and the City,” is expected to challenge Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo from the political left.
A British TV station sent a reporter to pose as a prospective client, and secretly filmed Cambridge Analytica’s chief executive offering to engage in dirty tricks.
Mr. Chang’s Chambers Hotel restaurant will shutter on June 13, while Mr. Meyer’s Battery Park City establishment will close its doors at year’s end.
In “Dear Madam President,” the Clinton campaign’s former communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, tells young women how to succeed in politics.
My phone was in my hands, ready to be used. Not this time.
The social network was said to have reached a deal with the executive to depart after disagreements over how to address its role in spreading disinformation.
To sustain the commercial space race, we need to streamline and coordinate rules to manage the proliferation of private satellites.
Coming soon: a battle of bad ideas that refuse to die.
As his soldiers wage a brutal offensive near Damascus, President Bashar al-Assad takes a leisurely drive into the heart of the civil war.
In the wake of Andrew McCabe’s firing, and the president’s gloating tweets, Republicans once again could take action to protect democracy — but they refuse.
Let’s stop calling the invasion of Iraq a “blunder” and call it what it is: a crime.
Walt Whitman had a prescription for national renewal.
Pentagon leaders are said to be troubled by draft conclusions of an inquiry that blames low-level officers in an ambush that killed four American troops.
Cynthia Nixon is trying to become New York’s first female governor, but unseating Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a two-term incumbent, will be a tall order. 
President Trump has discussed firing one lawyer, and another has considered quitting. A third, who has pushed theories on television that the F.B.I. framed the president, was hired.
Undercover video shows the president’s digital consultants acting like thugs.
The inquiry will focus on the decision by the Manhattan district attorney, Cyrus R. Vance Jr., to not prosecute Harvey Weinstein after a 2015 sexual assault allegation.
Of the 81 cases in which a civilian review board found an officer had lied, the Police Department pursued “false statement” charges in only two.
With Dr. Kreizler out of commission, the others in his group strike out on their own — and make a horrific discovery.
Andrew Zhou returns with a Tuesday puzzle.
Hummingbirds have several tricks to survive with a super-high metabolism on a diet of nectar.
Go on, treat yourself. We talked to financial and food experts alike for their tips to dine out on a dime.
What story could this image tell?
Reno is among several Western cities experiencing congestion and new tensions as California residents and businesses seek more affordable locations.
The disease, which until recently seemed to be under control in Venezuela, is making an aggressive comeback in the nation, overwhelming its broken health care system.
While most of the of journalists who covered the Winter Olympics went home once the games ended, Chang Lee remained to cover the Paralympics, the games for athletes with impairments.
Do you think all people have some responsibility to know what is going on in the world? Does engaging with current events and the media actually do anything at all? Why do you think the way you do?
Adolescent-appropriate fiction to challenge and inspire budding bookworms.
The actress and author on her time in Trump’s orbit and aging in Hollywood.
Some economists say the recovery could continue for years. But many see the seeds of the next crisis being sown in government policy choices.
Higher turnout, as well as the power of incumbency, may help save Republicans in the midterms. 
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos will defend her agency’s budget before a House panel, including a reorganization plan that staff members say she tried to withhold from Congress.
A visit by our 52 Places Traveler to the Puerto Rican capital, still recovering from last year’s hurricanes, was one of the most calming and soul-filling experiences of her trip so far. 
American politicians have turned a simple academic idea into rancorous fighting words — and avoided talking about how immigration actually works.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on an employee’s obligation to reveal the reasons for her absences, and more.
The head of Rensselaer County law enforcement says he will deputize some jail officers to act as ICE agents. The governor opposes the plan.
As the United States enters its 15th year of war in Iraq, a former Marine Corps tanker remembers the invasion that set the occupation, and all its destruction, in motion.
Players from Latin America flock to Bravo, a supermarket that provides heaping piles of rice and beans, oxtail and plantains, just like home.
After West Virginia, teachers in some other conservative states are protesting over pay and benefits, with a statewide strike looming in Oklahoma at the start of April.
With some planning, using a credit card to make big-ticket home-improvement purchases could result in big savings — and free trips.
Exercising as a youngster might mean more heart-muscle cells as a grown-up.
Canada loves its ice, and outdoor hockey is part of the nation's cultural identity. So what happens when winters get too warm for backyard rinks? 
As global finance ministers gather in Argentina, the United States’ protectionist position on trade has consumed the discussions.
Mr. Shandling, the influential comedian who died in 2016, gets his due in a sprawling new HBO documentary.
Unexploded cluster munitions and Agent Orange continue to wreak havoc in the country, but America won’t help.
Many people misuse their car seats so they are not getting the protection they expect.
Tuesday: A nor’easter nears, the Queens World Film Festival, and bedbug-hunting dogs.
Investigators in Texas searched for links between an unexploded device at a FedEx shipping facility and a series of recent package bombings.
Nepal has begun an ambitious waste management project aimed at “saving the glory of the Everest region” from trekkers’ garbage.
On the 15th anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq, The Times reintroduces At War, a forum for the firsthand experiences of global conflict.
Tuesday: Sheriffs’ objection to sanctuary policies, Uber suspends autonomous car tests, and a warning about very potent pot.
Roxanne Shante was among the first solo female rappers when she made “Roxanne’s Revenge” in 1984. Her stymied career is now the subject of a biopic.
Winter refused to relinquish its grip with predictions of 12 to 16 inches of snow on Wednesday, prompting the closure of New York City public schools.
A deputy at the school confronted the gunman, a male student, less than a minute after he began shooting, the sheriff said. Two students were wounded in the episode.
The Federal Trade Commission is said to be examining whether the social media giant violated a 2011 agreement.
In a rambling, at times contradictory, explanation, Mr. Carson told a House committee that he had “dismissed” himself from the decision to buy the set for his office last year, leaving the details to his wife and staff.
Yotam Ottolenghi transforms plain rice into creative, alluring, seasonless vegetarian dishes
The Mississippi governor’s choice to fill the seat of retiring Senator Thad Cochran may give an insurgent conservative an opening — and Democrats a chance.
A Trump administration proposal would limit the ability of Mexico, Canada and the U.S. to warn consumers about the dangers of foods linked to obesity.
There has been a strong Jewish presence in the region since ancient times, and kosher tradition is reflected in recipes for the Passover feast.
“We had a very good call,” President Trump told reporters in the Oval Office after speaking with the Russian leader after his re-election. “We will probably be meeting in the not-too-distant future.”
Growing the small, green flowers is resource-intensive, and farmers can’t keep up. So scientists engineered yeast to produce the bitter, citrusy flavor in beer.
Ms. McDougal is the second woman this month to challenge Trump associates’ efforts to bury stories of extramarital relationships.
The Balkan country has been blocked from joining NATO and the European Union by Greece, which for decades has fought to keep the name Macedonia for itself.
 A canine-friendly showing of “Isle of Dogs” brought out that rare breed: cinephile dogs and their owners.
What’s behind President Trump’s curious silence about a porn star and her story?
Melania Trump has long said she wants to curb online bullying. Her efforts often clash with the president's habit of using Twitter to insult people. 
The company’s board said it was suspending the chief executive, Alexander Nix, with immediate effect, pending an independent investigation.
The American cockroach has the second largest insect genome ever sequenced. The variety of genes may help it survive in a multitude of environments.
John Oliver’s parody of the Pence family’s book about their pet bunny has bumped pre-orders of James B. Comey’s memoir from the top spot.
Avid bird-watchers come out annually for the counting program in the San Bernardino National Forest and California state parks, where conservation of eagles has largely been a success.
I made over 50 helicopter assaults during Vietnam. Each one had a story.
You never know what might make someone remember you.
Cynthia Nixon, who is challenging Andrew M. Cuomo in the Democratic primary, says she is the real progressive. But if he can act the part, does it matter?
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos defended her spending plan before a House panel, saying that “this budget is about students.” Some lawmakers disagreed.
In a speech this week, the president laid out a plan to address the crisis that was at turns thin on details and alarming in content.
They are steadily eroding norms, but they can be stopped.
A family friend who had taken in Mr. Cruz described her struggle over his behavior and guns before he moved out and was later accused of killing 17 people at his old high school.
The poet lures you with a well-worn phrase and then, at the last moment, yanks you in a very different direction.
Laura Braunstein makes her solo New York Times debut.
What is the most interesting, beautiful or unusual thing you have ever seen in the sky — or falling from it?
A photographer set out to portray the cookie-cutter culture of corporate America's bygone days. 
A writer examines the trend of small plates at restaurants, and why it leaves him hungry for the old ways.
What are schools doing nationwide to address student food insecurity?
Many counties, including rich ones, are aging and experiencing more deaths than births, without growth through immigration or migration.
Fed policymakers are expected to increase the benchmark interest rate by a quarter-point and signal their view on whether the economy is overheating.
His serious period movies do well at the box office, but his recent would-be blockbusters have been disappointments. “Ready Player One” will be a major test.
In Menlo Park, Calif., Facebook is building a real community and testing the proposition: Do people love tech companies so much they will live inside them?
One of Fairfield County’s most rural towns, Redding is largely residential — and what isn’t residential is mostly protected land.
A suicide attack on Persian New Year killed at least 31, leaving relatives to search for loved ones among body parts strewn outside a hospital in the Afghan capital.
Wednesday: The latest on the storm heading toward New York City, and how it could affect your commute.
It was television, not Facebook, that made him president.
Women tend to be the gatekeepers of grandparent relationships and often favor their side of the family, experts say.
Whether you are a fast metabolizer or slow metabolizer of caffeine can determine whether it helps or hurts your athletic performance.
An intense, three-week manhunt came to an end when the suspect, Mark Anthony Conditt, drove into a ditch and blew himself up, the police said.
Thank you to the 900-plus students who participated. Enjoy these wonderful videos.
Wednesday: The tech giant’s latest controversy, California is exporting its housing problems, and a severe storm approaches SoCal.
A Victorian condominium in San Francisco, a Frank Lloyd Wright house in Pleasantville and an 1809 Greek Revival home in Braintree.
Bermuda’s luxury property market slowed after the 2008 financial crisis. But activity has been picking up, in part because of pent-up demand.
The chief American envoy to the Iran nuclear talks is banking on political savvy and Midwestern earnestness to salvage the deal that President Trump wants to scrap.
Emmanuel Macron is hoping to win where others failed by reducing railway workers’ benefits, part of a plan to reshape the economy and society.
Beyond medical costs, a trip to the hospital can mean a permanent reduction in income for many Americans, new research shows.
President Trump insisted on the agreements, but it’s an open secret in the West Wing they can’t be enforced.
The 23-year-old is believed to be linked to six bombs that killed at least two people and injured five.
Planes are grounded and trains are canceled as snow spreads from Washington to Boston.
Amid a data scandal this week, Mr. Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, and Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer, have been nowhere to be found in public.
Lawmakers must approve the bill by midnight Friday to avoid a government shutdown this weekend, which would be the third closing this year.
The mumps resurgence has been largely in people 18 to 29, most of whom received the recommended two shots in early childhood.
The Federal Reserve, buoyed by a strengthening economy, raised rates for a sixth time in three years and indicated another two increases are still expected this year.
A new study rebuts the belief that if we address class issues, we can fix racism.
Puerto Ricans like me are stranded here. It can hardly be called living; it’s barely surviving.
In his first public statements concerning a scandal involving Cambridge Analytica, Mark Zuckerberg said “there’s more to do, and we need to step up and do it.”
New York Times readers responded to an article about a small Catholic monastery in South Carolina with their own brushes with monastic life.
The Senate gave final passage to a bill to combat sex trafficking, disregarding concerns in Silicon Valley that it could chill internet content and harm free speech.
Hundreds of pages of correspondence between two intermediaries reveal an active effort to win over President Trump on behalf of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Could she make it from Penn Station to West 66th Street round-trip in 40 minutes?
Keeping a strong economy running hot, but not so hot as to risk inflation or a bubble, is the task facing the Fed’s new leader.
His cavalier approach reminds me of Cheney’s 15 years ago.
In her evolution from actress to candidate for governor of New York, no period was more pivotal than her work for Bill de Blasio in his first race for mayor.
A sexual relationship between a minister and a staff member has become a firing offense, like corruption or a conflict of interest.
The president, denouncing China’s trade practices, will announce a range of restrictions on Chinese imports and investment, raising concerns of a trade war.
John O. Brennan said Russia may have compromising information on President Trump, setting off furious speculation about whether the former spy chief was basing that assertion on inside information.
Nary a bad word about Vladimir Putin can the U.S. president find.
Here’s help making sense of the president’s legal team.
Facebook’s chief executive spoke with The New York Times about data privacy of users, Cambridge Analytica and the company’s next steps.
We asked who you think was overlooked for a Times obituary. You told us, in droves. Today: grandmothers, who molded nations and families.
Ross Trudeau takes social media to a whole new level.
Legend has it that Wakefield was trying a variation on a butterscotch dessert when she decided to let the chocolate chips fall where they may.
The finale chronicles the last and desperate days of the serial killer Andrew Cunanan as he hides out during a nationwide manhunt, a celebrity at last.
A 98-year-old nun has become the biggest star of the N.C.A.A. men’s basketball tournament. And she is loving every minute of it.
A typical American funeral usually involves a few hallmarks we’ve come to expect. But how necessary are those embellishments?
What do you think this illustration is saying about people’s needs during a scary time in life?
Since Iraq’s Kurds voted for independence last fall, relations with Baghdad have been strained. A new agreement signals warmer ties.
At the exclusive three-day conference run by Amazon in the California desert, the merely brilliant rub shoulders with the geniuses.
The Anonymous Project features an archive of vintage slides from all over the world.
Noah said Facebook needed “to be held accountable” for a data leak that compromised millions of users’ personal information.
Do you think men and women can be equally effective leaders? Why or why not?
A new bike share program, museums, music and, yes, barbecue await visitors. Of special interest this spring: the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the assassination of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Why the linchpin of Marvel’s “Avengers” movies — and walking image of American fortitude — is giving it all up to play a villain on Broadway (and learn to tap dance).
Set in a fantasy Japan, Mr. Anderson’s new movie tells a heroic story of abandoned dogs, voiced by Bill Murray, Liev Schreiber and others.
A report released by Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security Committee found that agents more often cited needs for technology and personnel to secure the border with Mexico.
As people live longer, remarriage is on the rise, and sometimes that can unnerve offspring who fear losing their inheritances to a stepparent.
An Arkansas family is locked in a bitter dispute over whether millions of dollars are missing from the mother’s estate.
In the Trump era, an age-old argument takes on a new twist.
Thursday: A look at the morning commute, the Affordable Art Fair, and a search for commuter art.
Tips for how to undermine democracy.
On the palliative care floor of MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, drawing the things patients have no words for.
Surveillance footage obtained by The Times shows the mundane movements of Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas gunman, in the chilling prelude to a massacre.
Five days after details about Cambridge Analytica’s data mining were made public, Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, spoke with The New York Times.
Thursday: The former governor’s plea to Republicans, Mark Zuckerberg’s reckoning, “Greyhound therapy,” and, finally, reactions to Facebookland.
Elementary school students practice reading the news — and then research, interview, take notes, write and publish their own news stories.
A dive into New York City’s dog registration database reveals the size preferences of dog owners throughout the five boroughs.
This week’s properties are in Chelsea, Midtown and Park Slope, Brooklyn.
In a shift in strategy, the White House may impose import quotas to prevent too much foreign metal from flooding into the United States.
A full-time gig is antithetical to creative pursuits — or so we’ve been taught to believe. The truth, though, is that artists have always had other professions.
Much attention has been paid to profound bottles, with their complexity and ability to age. But it’s time to focus on the ones we encounter daily.
That coughing person in seat 14C? Make sure you’re at least two rows away.
The banking and financial services giant is the first on Wall Street to create gun control policies after the massacre in Parkland, Fla.
The lawyer, John Dowd, was said to have left over a disagreement with President Trump about whether Mr. Trump should agree to be interviewed by the special counsel.
Five photographers set out to document spring’s arrival. The weather did not cooperate. But that just made the images better.
What can one woman do to save her culture’s language?
President Trump said he will impose tariffs on about $60 billion worth of Chinese imports.
The Port Authority, which oversees Kennedy, La Guardia and Newark Airports, is expected to recommend that the agency raise the minimum wage by the fall of 2023.
With a possible government shutdown looming this weekend, the House and Senate passed a vast spending plan that funds the government through September.
Turkey’s expanding campaign makes it one of the big players in the seven-year conflict, but that comes with all the hazards of embroilment in a foreign war.
Sue and Don Lee had never worked in a restaurant, but, when their daughter asked them to move across the country and open a Korean food stand, they said yes.
In politics, too, training and knowledge matter. Hasn’t Trump taught us that?
Martin Shkreli, convicted of fraud for actions around his hedge fund, is going to prison. So far, Elizabeth Holmes, who sold falsehoods about her blood-testing business, is not.
We can blame Facebook and Cambridge Analytica for the damage they’ve done, but the responsibility lies with all of us.
This sumptuous if uninvolving Encores! production invites you to wallow with the beautiful and damned in old Berlin.
Investigators tried to determine what motivated Mark Conditt to go on a bombing spree that killed two and terrorized Austin for weeks.
The best teenage comments from last week’s writing prompts, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
A brewing trade war between China and the United States sent markets reeling across Asia on Friday, and Europe looked ready to follow suit.
Men who had the highest omega-6 levels tended to have fewer deaths from heart disease and other causes.
Sounds from a trip to the supermarket.
President Trump named John R. Bolton, a hard-line former American ambassador to the United Nations, to replace Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster.
How much does identity shape opinion?
An antitrust challenge to AT&T’s merger with Time Warner is the last chance to stop pay-television bills from getting any higher.
With hundreds of March for Our Lives demonstrations planned for Saturday, high school students say this is a moment of political awakening for their generation.
What Trump doesn’t know can hurt us — and help China.
A Long Island restaurateur testified that Bill de Blasio not only knew of the illegal scheme; he said that the mayor encouraged it.
He’s right to accuse it of stealing American technology, but has no idea how to fix the problem.
There is little in John R. Bolton’s past to indicate he has much time for the diplomatic process, where to get something the United States also gives something.
The neurotic stage musical adaptation of the animated blockbuster raises questions about how Disney transforms its biggest hits.
Erik Agard starts our solving weekend off right.
China proposed tariffs on $3 billion worth of American fruit, pork, wine and other goods, striking back just hours after President Trump’s announcement.
In a lengthy television interview, Ms. McDougal said she was hurt when the president offered her money after sex, but added that they ended up in love.
Season 10 began Thursday night with unusually strong 14-queen crew, and it’s hard to imagine who will be eliminated.
The first rap acts in Ireland emerged in the early 1990s. But it has taken until now for the music and the culture to start flourishing.
Are there times when you think using your phone while you’re with other people is rude?
John Bolton, the next national security adviser, is likely to reinforce Mr. Trump’s instincts to dump the Iran nuclear deal and to confront North Korea, raising fears of instability.
As Trump surrounds himself with hawks, Macron may be a bulwark against disaster.
If you think you’ve found your dream house, be sure to hire a professional to check everything out before you commit.
Closing on a home sale can be a long and grueling process, and first-time buyers often don’t realize all the things that can go wrong.
What exhilarates, invigorates or challenges you so much you feel more alive?
Tax law changes, low inventory and tight credit may present extra hurdles this year for people buying their first homes.
Corporations, entrepreneurs and lawmakers are stepping up efforts to prevent sexual harassment and expand worker protections. Is it enough?
In announcing tariffs on Chinese goods, President Trump bypassed the body founded 23 years ago to keep the peace in global commerce.
A look at what’s new, including apps that enable travelers to order food and headphones at their departure gate, more biometric boarding, and higher fees for some United States passport applicants. 
One family’s search for an affordable apartment in an increasingly unaffordable city after one of New York City’s deadliest fires.
Meyers and other hosts had fun speculating about how actual fisticuffs between the tough-talking political septuagenarians would play out.
Mayor Mitch Landrieu of New Orleans defends the values Trump trashes.
If scientists avoid discussing the topic candidly, racist theories will fill the vacuum.
A mix of pride, defensiveness and terror of an American-style system makes it hard for Canada to admit where it falls short.
In the farm rows bursting with life, I realized that the answer to grief was not in locking myself away but in opening myself to whatever came next.
Friday: A bill to cut back on after-hours email, weekend events, and your thoughts on working after clocking out.
Wearing a mask may protect you from infecting others or your own chances of getting sick, but they are far from foolproof.
For decades, Americans have believed that the best way to end racial inequality is to end class inequality. But a landmark 30-year study is debunking that logic.
The authorities said Lt. Col. Arnaud Beltrame had traded himself for a hostage held by the gunman, who claimed to be acting on behalf of the Islamic State.
Friday: Questions for Delaine Eastin, protests over a police shooting in Sacramento, #DeleteFacebook and the weekend’s gun marches.
The president said he signed the bill, which he denigrated as “crazy,” because it increased military spending. He also complained that it failed to address immigration issues and a border wall.
The political action committee founded by John Bolton hired Cambridge Analytica specifically to develop psychological profiles of voters — and it knew the firm was using Facebook data.
When you live in a small home, pint-sized appliances can help you live well in your limited space.
The final season of the FX spy drama has a new asset, the Brooklyn painter Alyssa Monks. And her influence is felt throughout.
The world economy became more interconnected in the 1990s and 2000s, delivering immediate pain to rich countries, along with benefits that only now are starting to be more apparent.
The chef Ilene Rosen’s new book, “Saladish,” redefines what a salad can be, using modern combinations of ingredients, textures and tastes.
Perhaps the most devastating blow anyone can suffer is to lose a child. In the Central African Republic it happens all the time. Welcome to the world's most neglected crisis. 
China responded to Trump’s action by announcing tariffs on $3 billion worth of U.S. products, a relatively modest amount. But it has more weapons in its arsenal.
Thin slices of fennel add a springlike crunch to a classic Mediterranean tuna and white bean salad.
President Trump’s head-spinning moves on national security, the budget and trade left Washington reeling and a bewildered sense of resignation in the West Wing.
Federal marshals described how they located and took down the suspect of a weekslong bombing campaign in Austin.
He was feared for twisting intelligence to back his bellicosity and for trying to remove anyone who objected.
Getting back to a blog tradition
A never-ending scandal disguised as an everlasting hope.
If he had won in 1968, the Vietnam War would have ended sooner, and America would be a much different place today.
It’s always nice to think about a different president.
Byron Walden, Saturday siren, seduces us into deep puzzle waters.
When you finish marching this weekend, march into the congressional districts where you can actually make a difference.
A Times reporter in Kabul has experienced eight suicide bombings since 2016, seven in the last year. Sick of it, she still goes to the scene. “If I don’t, who will?”
The new activists are hoping the old patterns of weak support will change. 
After 10 days on the road, these are some of the Quebecers our newest Canada correspondent, Dan Bilefsky, won’t forget.
Hundreds of thousands of protesters, outraged by a recent school shooting, took to the streets in Washington and around the world, calling for action against gun violence.
The state curriculum urges teachers to “counteract traditional gender roles,” and at one school, girls are encouraged to shout “No!” and boys run the play kitchen.
What can be done when a tenant worries about the health hazards of a building’s cleaning routine?
Richard Silvestri brings us a new cryptic crossword.
Think running a surplus makes you a winner? Not within America.
Internet companies were built on a model in which people gave up their information for free services. Now, that idea is under siege.
“Have you guys made your list yet?” everyone asks. I hate this question. “We” aren’t going to college; my daughter is.
Getting rid of your Facebook account will only offload the platform’s problems onto someone else.
With John Bolton, Trump turns to Cheneyism.
In our authoritarian age, the pope offers a different model of power.
He had known for years that the Vietnam War would destroy him. In March 1968, it did.
A new lawsuit challenges the parole board’s routine denials, even to those who have served decades and pose little or no safety risk.
Your #weekiversary posts are lame.
After years of mocking his Republican predecessor, is President Trump now following in W.’s pre-emptive footsteps?
The firearms industry cannot be held legally accountable for the mayhem their weapons cause. That needs to change.
To many in the capital, the pornographic film actress has become an unexpected force. But those who know her well view the moment differently.
Finn Vigeland rises in the East, literally; he’s in Connecticut right now.
The young people, as they seized the nation’s attention, vowed that their grief about school shootings and their frustration with adults’ inaction would power a new generation of activism.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
With one more puzzle for all solvers to do, Junior division competitor Erik Agard leads the pack. Will there be an upset this year?
A pothole epidemic has turned the streets of Rome, the city that built an empire on its roads, into an embarrassing mess.
The Pentagon doesn’t want it. The military doesn’t need it. Only bigotry explains it.
No sign that workers are being helped — and wages might even go down
The March for Our Lives is another display of energy on the left, but the gun issue could play out differently in House and Senate races.
Andy Kravis delivers a smooth Monday puzzle.
At a bakery in Brooklyn.
A church isn’t a necessary thing to a believer who finds the whole world holy, but I still want a place in mine.
Republican state lawmakers have introduced a bill that would outlaw abortion, period. It’s unconstitutional, but that’s the point.
Scores of the president’s nominees are held up in the Senate, but few confirmation drives have turned into a cause as the one for his pick for ambassador to Germany has.
The pornographic film actress, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, told “60 Minutes” that a man had threatened her after she sold her claims of an affair with Donald Trump to a magazine in 2011.
A local official said the fire had started in a children’s entertainment room, and among the scores of victims, many were children.
Newman, a sophomore, scored 32 points and hit crucial 3-pointers as the No. 1-seeded Jayhawks beat No. 2 Duke and advanced to a matchup with Villanova.
More poor students are going to college than in the past. And yet the number who graduate is falling even further behind.
The March for Our Lives demonstrations were triumphs of organic, youthful grass-roots energy, and of sophisticated, experienced organizational muscle.
This is the big leagues, and this little man is feeling the stress and strain of it.
President Trump is struggling to find any top lawyers willing to represent him as he faces a critical decision: whether to give the special counsel an interview.
The teacher uprising that began in West Virginia has exposed a trend among white-collar workers: a feeling that their credentials are being devalued.
The fund-raiser, Elliott Broidy, suggested to prospective clients of his security firm, including some with unsavory records, that he could arrange meetings with the president or his associates.
Marianne Elliott’s London-born production of Tony Kushner’s masterwork is blazingly reimagined with a cast including Nathan Lane and Andrew Garfield.
“Billions” strides like a colossus into the Trump era, but in the end it’s still Bobby vs. Chuck.
This week’s episode brought several long-percolating situations to a head.
If you’ve ever wanted to feel better about not being party to a giant family fortune, this show should help.
In Mr. Abloh, Louis Vuitton has hired its first African-American designer and a street wear specialist for its growing luxury men’s line.
After buying some prints in Paris in 1886, the Dutch painter became obsessed by Japanese art. An exhibition in Amsterdam explores how that fascination shaped his work.
What if instead of anxiously worrying about criticism, you excitedly welcomed it?
What do you think will be the short- and long-term outcome of the rallies to end gun violence?
When Federica Armstrong discovered that she lived a mile from one of Silicon Valley’s multiple toxic Superfund sites, she set out to photograph them.
Is this specific sort of interest in your life a source of help, inspiration or stress?
At least five activists pushing social justice agendas have died over the last two years, drawing attention to the pressures they face.
One conclusion from a much-discussed study: The best diet is the one you can stick to. 
Dismissed as a warmonger during the Obama presidency, the defense secretary may be the only reliable voice of caution left in an administration inching closer to the brink.
Investigators believe a man in Arizona was distributing performance-enhancing drugs on a global scale, yet no charges have been filed. His clientele included pro athletes.
Black leaders in clergy, politics and the media are savoring their newfound leverage and demanding more than promises.
When you want to illuminate a room, sometimes a simple ceiling fixture is the best solution.
NASA’s new spacecraft, to be launched next month, will give scientists a much clearer view of the planets orbiting stars near to us.
At stake is the fate of thousands of supermarket workers, many of whom belong to labor unions and are owed pensions when they retire.
From the Fisher Building to Belle Isle (and beyond), the works of the renowned Albert Kahn endure. Here’s how to see them.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Was it about anti-Communism? Civil war? Anti-colonialism? The answer matters, and not just to historians.
Fish clearly has health benefits, but fish oil supplements may not carry the same ones.
Monday: Preventing cold-weather sunburn, a rendezvous with The Times’s podcast club, and our newly named ferry fleet.
The deal comes amid a flurry of exemptions and revisions to the steel and aluminum protections announced this month by the White House.
The expulsion order included 12 people identified as Russian intelligence officers stationed at the United Nations. The Russian consulate in Seattle also must close.
Monday: Gun control proponents march throughout the state, fresh uproar over a fatal shooting by the Sacramento police, and concern over a new housing bill.
A look at one of the most revealed entries in The New York Times crossword puzzles from the past week.
This week it was clear that Farid is at least as far gone as Ramon is.
Hundreds of millions of years ago, two tissues fused to form wings on ancient beetles, a genetic experiment finds.
Evidence of brain differences “helps us reinforce that this is a very real condition with onset very early in life,” the author of a new study says.
After selling their robotics company to Google, two engineers are working on technology they think can change how special effects are made.
When the chef Alice Waters deployed her iron egg spoon on “60 Minutes,” she touched off a tempest that still resounds with charges of elitism and sexism.
After sixty-one weeks in the White House, President Trump has found someone he won’t attack on Twitter: Stormy Daniels.
As many as 30 percent of stroke patients do not receive a clot-busting drug because a vocal minority of physicians believe it to be dangerous.
In the late 19th century, it was young people who broke a partisan divide and ushered in the Progressive Era.
Two people have been held in the death of Mireille Knoll, who was found in her Paris apartment. She had survived a 1942 roundup of French Jews.
The pilot, who was the only survivor of the crash, said that an emergency fuel shut-off had been tripped and that the harness of a passenger was underneath the lever.
Jonathan Weisman’s “(((Semitism)))” takes American Jews to task for not being vigilant enough about threats to democratic norms.
Each spring for the past 40 years, hundreds of people who love having their brains twisted gather to celebrate the joy of playing with words.
The Trump administration has been surprisingly frank in saying it wants to use the courts to curb the power of federal agencies, a longstanding goal of conservatives.
Getting help with directions, and repaying the favor.
Faced with new aggressiveness from the newly re-elected Putin, the E.U. backed Britain on the Skripal poisoning and sent a strong message to Moscow.
A proposed policy would bar the E.P.A. from considering research that doesn't release its raw data for review, blocking some significant work.
She was a child whose exclusion from a whites-only school led to the 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education.
The modern G.O.P. is no country for honest men.
Since the end of World War II, the victorious powers have promoted trade, democracy and collective security. Now, that order is under assault.
Progressive groups want a New York Fed chief who is independent of the financial sector, a voice for labor and a reflection of diversity.
As gun control, immigration and taxes energize voters in both parties, allegations of an affair have intensified discomfort with the president’s behavior.
Freeze oligarchs’ assets and bar them from Western banks, then start to protect the American electoral system.
Merchant codes could be adapted to distinguish retailers that sell guns under a “best practices” policy. And GPS could be used to pinpoint gun shows and restrict transactions at those locations.
The mass expulsion of Russian personnel in the United States was the largest ever, yet the president avoided any public condemnation of Russia’s role in an attack in Britain.
Her lawsuit could expose the president’s thuggery.
The gun control march in Washington was in the classic American spirit of patriotic reform.
This astutely acted revival of Kenneth Lonergan’s play presents conversation as an ongoing act of deception and betrayal.
Peter Koetters returns with a travelogue.
The journey ends for Dr. Kreizler and company, but disturbing questions linger.
William Strampel, a former dean who supervised the disgraced doctor to gymnasts, was charged with criminal sexual conduct and willful neglect of duty.
Critics fear that the highly charged request by the Trump administration will result in a substantial undercount of the population.
What are the first signs of spring where you live?
Do you think having limited experience in an area can ever be useful for doing a job? Why or why not?
In the 1940s, Al Smith documented a heroic period for Seattle jazz in the integrated establishments of Jackson Street, where African-American performers and customers were embraced.
Colbert and other late-night hosts were amused but not surprised by Stephanie Clifford’s “60 Minutes” interview.
Eclectic works of fiction from off the beaten path.
The professional skateboarder on breaking into the boys’ club.
With the publication of two new books, Gerald Murnane might finally find an American audience.
Rev. Samuel Rodriguez represents a singular voice in the immigration debate — the rare Latino in a small clique of evangelicals advising President Trump.
Influence and authority come in so many forms that we could argue forever about who really holds them. But there are at least some clear winners.
Rania Abouzeid’s new book, “No Turning Back,” traces the escalation of the Syrian war by following a diverse set of characters within it.
Yoselyn Ortega, 55, claims she was too psychotic to understand her actions when she killed two small children, but insanity defenses rarely succeed.
Peninsula Papagayo is where the ultrarich go to avoid having to interact with the regular rich. But our 52 Places columnist finds a way to get away from the traps of luxury.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on what a spouse’s therapist can urge to be shared with yours, how to approach a colleague who nods off and more.
For a couple with a growing family, the ideal apartment was on the Upper East Side. But they wanted it to feel more like a home in the West Village.
It was a dark and stormy night. Of that much we can be sure.
This weekend’s marches make it clear: To enact real gun control, we need to change the Constitution.
Tuesday: A lively conversation on a taboo subject, Mozart on Coney Island, and shared sacred sites.
Electronic health records don’t sufficiently protect patients from getting care they do not want.
As the show “This Is Us” illustrates, children in foster care often miss their biological families. Experts say maintaining contact is important.
In earlier incarnations, the North Korean leader’s train has featured sumptuous feasts, cases of fine French wines and female entertainers known as lady conductors.
A sweeping Afghan offer to bring the insurgents to the table has led to a hint of optimism among diplomats, and internal discussion by Taliban leaders.
Tuesday: A food pantry at the University of California Irvine, counting bald eagles, and a crowd for whales near the shore.
After 21 years, “Roseanne” returns to ABC, and Roseanne Barr’s portrait of working-class Americans is as topical as ever.
Allowing advertisers to limit who sees ads based on interests or demographics violates federal laws, the groups behind the lawsuit argue.
Publishers are grappling with how to respond to a cascade of allegations of sexual harassment against authors.
The Russian president visited Siberia to demand an inquiry into a fire there that killed at least 64 people. Thousands protested nearby.
The case of Carles Puigdemont could be a trial for Spain’s treatment of Catalan secession as a law enforcement matter, and for European cohesion.
Germany is the only country in Europe that forbids doctors to publicly advertise that they perform abortions. Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged change, but her conservatives are balking.
It’s hard to say exactly what kind of food this Greenpoint, Brooklyn, restaurant serves — apart from the consistently good kind.
Officials are close to limiting doses of the painkillers, but doctors say doing so could put older patients into withdrawal or lead them to buy deadly street drugs.
The Louisiana attorney general’s decision came almost a year after federal prosecutors declined to file charges in connection with the fatal shooting.
As the publishing business struggles, independent titles with shoestring budgets and strong points of view are growing.
In a rare act of bipartisanship and good sense, Congress refuses Mr. Trump’s most extreme proposals on foreign aid, the environment and a border wall.
Dr. William D. Strampel, the ex-dean of Michigan State University’s osteopathic medical school and Dr. Lawrence G. Nassar’s boss, has been charged with criminal sexual conduct.
A reminder: economics is about what people do
Do higher T numbers increase your energy and libido? Once you’re in the “normal” range, probably not.
How Twitter and Hollywood are robbing dogs of their dignity.
The notion that the Parkland shootings wouldn’t have occurred if students had been kinder is deeply dangerous.
The actor spares no one in “Bob Honey Who Just Do Stuff,” about a hired killer (maybe) and politics (for sure).
Discovering quiet in an ever-noisier world.
Guards Ben Richardson and Clayton Custer grew up together in Overland Park, Kan., and talked about playing in the Final Four. On Saturday, they will.
Poor hearing was associated with an increased likelihood of injuries related to driving, work, leisure and sports.
Down a mine shaft in England, researchers plan to test a new method for spotting antineutrinos, which could be a sign of nuclear weapon development.
Somebody up there likes him.
The peculiar, painful limbo of David Shulkin shows how the president often handles personnel matters: publicly, hoping the employee will leave instead of forcing an ouster.
With no real challenger in this week’s election, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is cajoling, coercing and paying voters to ensure a credible turnout.
Opponents said the question was certain to depress response to the census from noncitizens and even legal immigrants.
Atlanta’s city government has been struggling for days with ransomware that has crippled its computer networks and forced it back to doing business with ink and paper.
At Loyola, our poetry workshop was energized by our team’s win, not overshadowed by it.
Amazing technology that gives everyone a voice can also breed isolation and empower bullies.
President Trump won his first bilateral trade deal with South Korea this week but whether it is a template for future agreements remains in question.
Cambridge Analytica was aided by an employee at Palantir, a contractor to the Pentagon. Palantir is owned by Peter Thiel, a wealthy Trump supporter and board member at Facebook.
Peter Gordon hides things in plain sight.
Black leaders expressed frustration about the shooting death of an unarmed black man last week. California’s attorney general has taken over the investigation.
To populists like Stephen Bannon, Hungary’s prime minister, Viktor Orban, is “a hero.” But democracy advocates fear his relentless remolding of society.
Shifting schedules have long been a complaint in the retail field. A study of Gap stores showed that more consistent scheduling produced higher sales.
Whether you move for long stretches or in sporadic spurts, the effect on overall health can be the same.
What do you think this image is saying?
What are the common elements driving many countries’ turn away from a global liberal democracy?
After Nolan Ryan Trowe and Adhiambo Mitchell bonded over their shared disabilities, Mr. Trowe set out to photograph the busy life of his friend.
Ryan H. Walsh has a knack for connecting the mundanities of day-to-day history with the great and timeless moments that spring out of them.
How should we try to reduce the number of gun deaths and injuries in the United States?
The economics of home buying are getting interesting, thanks to higher mortgage rates, tax changes and a supply-demand imbalance.
Should you force a loved one to gaze upon something so horrifying?
In primary races, progressive activists are targeting eight breakaway Democrats in the State Senate who have helped Republicans control the chamber.
The food is delicious. The access to natural beauty is even better.
Tensions over criminal justice policy have pitted the president’s son-in-law against his attorney general, and resulted in a seesawing approach to prisons.
Skyrocketing costs. A lawsuit with claims of misused millions of dollars. Contractors going without pay. Will taxpayers have to bail out this project?
She was having some difficulty breathing, but then things got much worse fast.
The National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis is a monument to a movement, and to its leader. It offers crucial insights for 2018, and for the future.
Prices have been steadily increasing, but the neighborhood is still within range for struggling artists and families looking for room to grow.
Is smash-mouth liberalism the way to a majority or the satisfaction of self-righteousness?
The war split the left, exposing tensions over foreign policy that remained for decades.
I didn’t get it until I was older: Belief doesn’t come easy. But it’s worth it.
Parents who don’t fear emotions like anger have a greater capacity to absorb challenging interactions with their children, experts say.
Wednesday: Looking for a new city flower, what closing Rikers means for Brooklyn, and a political egg hunt.
As a new season dawns, many baseball people wonder where the game evolves from here. It is not a question of if things will change, only when and how.
Readers debated gun rights in response to an op-ed by the former Supreme Court justice John Paul Stevens calling for the repeal of the Second Amendment.
The meeting in Beijing between President Xi Jinping of China and North Korea’s leader Kim Jong-un provided propaganda opportunities on both sides.
I paid too much attention to rules about candidates’ behavior and credentials, and too little to rules about who gets to vote and whose votes matter the most.
Wednesday: Orange County joins a Trump lawsuit, Sacramento protests, Mark Zuckerberg to testify, and finally, the In-N-Out impostor.
A cedar-shingled home in Old Lyme, a Victorian house in Ann Arbor and a renovated 1901 home in New Orleans.
On the less-hyped western side of the Italian Riviera, you won’t find tourist hot spots like Portofino, but you won’t pay as much either.
As ABC’s “Alex, Inc.” shows, TV networks covet the popular content. But the elements that make a podcast spark don’t translate seamlessly to TV.
An ambitious building project that started in Skopje, Macedonia’s capital, in 2008, was meant to evoke an ancient past. It has created a wild present.
The North Korean leader’s first diplomatic trip since taking power was a reminder of how much he has set the agenda over his nation’s nuclear arsenal.
The unspoken rule of gay cinema and television: Masculine leads only.
The comedian says he doesn’t care whom he offends. But he appears to be obsessed with the topic.
The campaign official, Rick Gates, has pleaded guilty in the investigation by the special counsel into Russian election interference.
The immigration of just three new foxes dramatically reduced inbreeding in an isolated population, providing some support for a disputed conservation strategy.
The new case is a Republican challenge to a Maryland congressional district. A second case, a Democratic challenge from Wisconsin, is pending.
In a Swedish study, middle-aged women with a high level of cardiovascular fitness were less likely to develop dementia.
Teenage subway aficionados help with the upkeep of every one of New York City’s 472 subway stations — at least on Wikipedia.
The episode raises questions about whether the president’s lawyer was trying to influence Mr. Trump’s former advisers and their cooperation with the special counsel.
The suit accuses the president of violating the Constitution by refusing to divorce himself from the Trump Organization, and could allow the plaintiffs to scrutinize its records.
The 34-year-old singer and songwriter’s major-label debut, “Girl Going Nowhere,” is the sound of a confident, gifted artist being her genuine self.
Simon Stone’s latter-day riff on Federico García Lorca’s poetic tragedy goes to extremes, in this portrait of a journalist trying to conceive a child.
They exploit our data and make us unhappy. They spread misinformation and undermine democracy. Is salvation possible for social networks?
Watching the herd from above offered a more complete view of the animals’ varying behaviors, and could suggest insights into other migratory species.
The department is aiming to roll back Obama administration attempts to curtail racial, ethnic and income segregation in federally subsidized housing and development projects.
A top Morgan Stanley broker was repeatedly accused of violence against ex-wives and girlfriends. Bank managers were told. But he kept his job.
Times journalists responded to some of the most common questions received from readers about our coverage of the bomber.
The move punctuated what has been a sharp fall from favor for David J. Shulkin, who delivered President Trump a string of bipartisan legislative victories.
Gas was seen as a bridge from coal to an alternative-energy future. Regulatory moves to speed that transition have unsettled the utility industry.
The bus was about six minutes away.
Asking about citizenship on the 2020 census has officials worried that immigrants won’t respond, leading to an inaccurate count and cuts to federal funding.
Routine job destruction, innovation and changing tastes destroy a lot more jobs than China does.
All together now: We love a parade. …
On my win-a-trip journey, a visit to a dirt-floor schoolhouse where kids struggle, but still manage to inspire.
Activists locked in a fight against police brutality open up to John Eligon about the psychic stress their work has caused.
The Chilean government said it would start an inquiry into whether the remains of a tiny baby girl were illegally exhumed and smuggled out of the country.
A proposal to create a state-controlled development area around the Midtown Manhattan hub was greeted with skepticism by some lawmakers and City Hall officials.
Many voters in Arizona’s Eighth Congressional District seem to take Stormy Daniels’s claim of an affair with Donald Trump with a dose of skepticism.
The shooting of Stephon Clark has reignited the kind of protests against police killings that spread across the United States in recent years.
Claire Muscat makes her New York Times crossword debut, ably assisted by David Steinberg.
When a call for peaceful protests came in spring 1919, a schoolgirl became the face of a nation’s collective yearning for freedom.
The announcement came after crowds of relatives gathered outside the facility, some weeping and others facing off with police officers in riot gear.
It’s three years later, and Philip and Elizabeth really are on opposite sides.
Some in the Trump administration saw me as an obstacle to privatization.
Open since 1938, Boyds fights back against e-commerce and the rise of the Supreme hoodie with extra-personal service and fancy new designer labels.
How to integrate Muslims into a secular society is a difficult question. Insulting them isn’t the answer.
Ms. Yousafzai, a Nobel laureate studying at Oxford, met with the prime minister and will visit a school she helped build near her native Swat Valley.
With a recipe in hand, it’s time to find the kitchen gear you need to make it.
What story could this image tell?
Carvey’s impression on “The Late Show” was reminiscent of his take on the first President George Bush — but quite a bit more ludicrous.
Are you careful about what you touch or put in your mouth? Are you mindful of washing your hands frequently, especially before you eat?
New bars, Michelin-starred restaurants and indie boutiques are enticing, but so are age-old attractions, like Buda Castle and Turkish-era thermal baths.
When judges appoint the lawyers in their courtroom, speed can be more important than a vigorous defense, a lawsuit says.
The five months in 2005 that the Senate took to decide whether John Bolton should go to the United Nations is the only extensive examination of his record.
There’s a new generation of reporters who take nothing for granted because of what they know about that war.
Should Supreme Court justices go beyond the court record in deciding cases?
It is also ripping apart the social fabric.
Britain’s Labour leader has an odd way of tripping into the arms of Jew haters.
Recent analyses of who actually voted for whom have serious ramifications for both parties, but especially for the Democrats.
Remember when Mike Pence said Donald Trump would bring the highest level of integrity to the Oval Office?
Thursday: Our teams’ new leaders, jazz then and now, and a chat room on the subway.
The president’s commentary, made in a Twitter post, comes amid reports that Mr. Trump has expressed an interest in reining in the e-commerce business.
This week’s properties are in Washington Heights, Murray Hill and Dumbo, Brooklyn.
Thursday: Sacramento’s mayor on the Stephon Clark shooting, Gavin Newsom skips debates, paying for water tunnels, and the mysterious Mendocino car crash.
Buyers have it easier if they are shopping the high end. Sellers have a smoother path if their listings are more affordable.
Nicknamed Le Grand Orange while playing for Montreal — he was 6-foot-2 and had curly red hair — Staub made six All-Star teams in his 23-year major league career.
The estate of Christine Beshar, one of the first female partners of a Wall Street law firm, is selling the East End Avenue home where she lived for 47 years.
A spate of works like “The Wolves” and “The Wholehearted” use sports to explore ideas about femininity, self-image and power.
A sneak peek at Frenchette in TriBeCa, where Riad Nasr and Lee Hanson will give their Gallic training a fresh spin.
Fast fashion giants like H&M and Zara are hiring diversity managers and using screening technologies to catch offensive designs before shoppers do.
The dispute deepened after a dubious mural was defended by Jeremy Corbyn, the left-wing leader of a party seen in the past as a strong ally of Israel.
The company’s stock has declined precipitously since hitting its peak in early February, battered by disclosures about improper use of its data.
A new law in Utah is the first in the nation written to protect parents who allow children to walk to school alone or play unsupervised.
A man’s book of imaginative drawings, creations and innovations inspires and delights his son and grandson.
The government said it would review access to financial markets, and how wealthy Russians have gained residency in Britain.
Our Tech We’re Using columnist, Brian Chen, is eager to hear feedback from readers and requests for future columns about how Times journalists use tech.
With at least 68 dead, the inferno in Valencia was one of the worst in the country’s modern history.
These whites from the foothills of an active volcano in Sicily are among Italy’s most compelling, and unlike any other whites.
Three bottles of Rosso di Montalcino, delicious sangiovese wines from Tuscany, each illustrate a different notion of ripeness.
Paul Carmichael, the chef, delivers a profoundly pleasurable experience at the Sydney location of David Chang‘s restaurant group.
The move was in retaliation for the expulsion of diplomats by Britain, the United States and their allies. The U.S. Consulate in St. Petersburg will be closed.
In a nation with one of the highest divorce rates in Europe, the government has come to the conclusion that some breakups should take more than a few clicks.
“Sally Mann: A Thousand Crossings” at the National Gallery of Art is a record of exploration — into her past, America’s history and photography’s.
A new study in Panama finds some types of frogs are returning, after being decimated by a deadly fungus that has vanquished amphibians around the world.
“Alexa & Katie” and “On My Block” join a roster that includes “13 Reasons Why,” “Stranger Things” and “Everything Sucks.”
It was about so much more than watching John Hughes movies and figuring out how to eat sushi.
Men under 55 were particularly susceptible, with an increased risk of 40 percent on days after a victory, and 20 percent after a defeat.
The Trump administration, handing automakers a victory, is preparing to announce an effort to weaken strict Obama-era pollution standards.
President Trump replaced David Shulkin with his White House doctor, Ronny Jackson. Among the prime beneficiaries may be the billionaire Koch brothers.
A respite from a nor’easter turns into a minor adventure.
In a meandering speech, the president seemed to undercut his administration’s initiatives, including on infrastructure and a trade pact with South Korea.
Trump’s nomination for Veterans Affairs Secretary fits a pattern of cronyism.
Nothing will change if we keep consuming problematic pop culture without demanding anything better.
What nothingburger trade deals and unqualified appointees have in common.
Lyndon Johnson said the alternative might be a nuclear war. But even the C.I.A. disagreed.
Production delays, a recall and other problems have presented the electric-car maker and its founder, Elon Musk, with a crisis of confidence among investors.
The issue has been at the center of months of intrigue at the sprawling department charged with caring for the United States’ 20 million veterans.
The network realized it was leaving some viewers behind — and put into effect a plan that brought back a working-class sitcom.
Do you lead a segregated life?
Thursday was the last day at the White House for the 29-year-old from Connecticut, who followed an unlikely career path to become a presidential confidante.
A dinner at the White House helped David J. Pecker, whose company owns The National Enquirer, showcase his connections as he sought to expand into Saudi Arabia.
After 23 years in politics, the English star of “Elizabeth R” returns to the American stage in a torrential revival of Edward Albee’s play.
Sam Trabucco parties until all hours.
Two years after the E.U. and Turkey struck a deal to cut off asylum seekers crossing the Aegean, thousands languish in deplorable conditions on Lesbos.
What places from movies or books — real or imaginary — would you like to visit and why?
The most compelling photographs of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. were neither idealized nor simplistic, but endeavored to portray his complexity and humanity.
As a teenager, he was an elite violinist, a rare talent. Then, something happened. Fifty years later, he has found a refuge in a City Island boatyard.
More and more apps are promising to help you catch some shut eye on the road. 
Where do you go to experience the great outdoors? How do you spend your time there?
Even though Mr. Trump still takes potshots at Amazon, the industry’s relationship with the White House is shifting as tech companies find some common ground with the president.
Long before a shooting and protests in Ferguson, Mo., focused America’s attention on how the police treat black men, Los Angeles was a byword for police brutality and racism.
The movie is beloved. But it also pits girls against girls. How, then, do you make a stage musical that satisfies fans and meets our cultural moment?
Without major change, spending bills that are too big to veto will most likely remain the standard in Congress, despite President Trump’s insistence that he’ll never sign one again.
More and more older people have realized that not working just isn’t for them —and it’s not all economics.
The Times joined a family on their return to Puerto Rico months after fleeing Hurricane Maria’s fury. The homecoming was not what they expected.
Finding a reliable contractor is crucial for any home improvement project. But what do you do if you get a bad one?
The host of “The Daily Show” faulted President Trump for naming Dr. Ronny Jackson, the White House physician, as secretary of veterans affairs.
Fifty years after Martin Luther King was killed in Memphis, the city remains the poorest large metropolitan area in the country.
Is this really what intellectual diversity means?
A new generation has learned how to use the tools of democracy that were largely denied them by passive educators.
I sat and listened. That’s what journalists do: listen through silences, awaiting a clue.
My life with the other Army wives was like life with family: intense, necessary for survival, claustrophobic and never enough.
Friday: Notes on your Passover plate, weekend goings-on, and the Way of the Cross.
Renovation disasters almost always involve missed deadlines and cost overruns — and when you’re building a mansion, the problems are magnified.
People can, and often do, get infected with multiple germs. Sometimes it helps; sometimes it hurts.
What was promoted as a six-week campaign of peaceful protests, with thousands of Palestinians in tent cities, descended quickly into deadly violence.
The complexity of the public service loan forgiveness program has tripped up many teachers like Jed Shafer. An October Your Money column led to changes.
Times have changed, and the maker of the Les Paul and the Flying V is on the ropes. Can it sustain?
Friday: Cannabis and the art world collide, looming emissions fight with President Trump, Stephon Clark funeral, Tesla’s woes, coffee warnings, and finally, opening day.
After last week’s delightful season premiere, Thursday’s episode was like a bad second date.
I barely made it out after the fall of Saigon. It was 20 years before I went back.
Ms. Salman had been accused of lying to the authorities and aiding and abetting her husband, Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people at an Orlando nightclub.
There are many ways to prepare lamb shanks, but simmered and paired with a light, orange-inflected sauce is an especially perfect seasonal variation.
The census is scrapping new categories for Hispanics and Arab-Americans while adding a citizenship question to drive more of them into the shadows.
As Loyola-Chicago (with Sister Jean) and Villanova make the Final Four in San Antonio, here is a look at the deep connection between Catholic colleges and basketball.
As the Senate majority leader holds up reform of the congressional disciplinary process, 22 senators say, enough.
A golden Bundt, scented with lemon zest and painted with a lemon-sugar syrup, Maida Heatter’s East 62nd Street Lemon Cake is a favorite among Times readers.
A lawyer for the family said the findings proved that Mr. Clark could not have been moving in a threatening fashion toward Sacramento officers when they opened fire.
Childhood health experts have worried about kids raised on cellphones and social media. Student protests gave us a glimpse of the potential of Gen Z.
A breakdown of Steven Spielberg’s epic adaptation of the popular and polarizing paean to nerddom.
Hell hath no fury like a conservative firebrand without her border wall.
Fifty years later, what does the Vietnam War mean? And how should we remember the men and women who served in it?
Really, it’s O.K. if we all don’t agree about everything.
Oh, what a tangled web Kevin Der weaves.
As bail has grown into a $2 billion industry, bond agents have become the payday lenders of the criminal justice world, offering quick relief to desperate customers at high prices.
Some Brooklyn country music.
A co-op owner wonders why building management keeps such tight controls over what residents can post on an online message board.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon, take a good look in the mirror.
For years, employees complained about the behavior of the head of the division, Kevin Carwile, and what they viewed as a toxic culture.
Religion has been used to justify inequity among the sexes, but it can also inspire empowerment.
Can post-Christian spirituality make a bridge between the sexes?
A tale of two Kushner brothers, on either side of the fractious Trump divide.
The president sticks his head in the sand as his administration’s hostility toward science continues.
In 1968, Spiro Agnew was the man of the white, suburban moment.
Sam Ezersky handily expands his fandom with this grand grid.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Advocates as well as opponents of gun control, both plotting next steps after the March for Our Lives rally, think their adversaries will eventually tire.
Turkey’s government has made the ethnic origins of its citizens available online. The results are shattering the myth of racially pure Turkishness.
Blue kept moving in front of me so that my friend and I were side by side.
Jason Mueller takes us on tour.
Much of rural America will abandon the president if his tariffs incite a crisis for rural businesses.
We all want our children to have a better life than we did. But statistics say they won’t.
Mark Peterson, the photographer who worked on a story for The Magazine about the secretary of defense, describes how he captured the press-averse official.
If we learn anything from the recent controversies surrounding the social media giant, it should be that America’s privacy laws need beefing up.
These shootings keep happening because, on some level, America finds them acceptable.
This metropolis was once a total work of art, epitomizing the religious and political system that ran China for millennia. The remnants of that time are being restored anew.
New York’s subway is struggling with old infrastructure and overcrowding. The M.T.A.’s failure to modernize its signal system is a crucial example.
Cetys University is making an ambitious bid to become the first Mexican member of the N.C.A.A.
How are leeches used to treat various medical conditions in Russia?
Justice Roberts was right. The Trump administration should not have the power to revoke the citizenship of “anyone they want.”
Beating back the radical right is clearly possible. But the work isn’t done yet.
In an era of purchased influence, why can’t former President Barack Obama set a higher standard?
In Trump world, facts don’t matter, truth doesn’t matter, language doesn’t matter.
Trump supporters will never admit they were wrong.
President Trump has insisted that the bill would not allow discrimination against people with pre-existing conditions, an assertion contradicted by health policy experts.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Spinal manipulation and other therapies seem at least as effective and safe as more traditional treatment.
A new book details the cases of families that step outside the realm of established medicine because they feel they have no other choice.
Monday: The NYC Ferry launch, the Met Gala, and the PEN America World Voices Festival.
Vaccinating pregnant women is the best way to keep babies safe in the first few months of life.
The economy and party identification typically matter a lot in elections, even in a year with a highly atypical candidate like Donald Trump.
“It was like being dropped into an alternate universe where people actually like their subway.”
The popular fruit has earned a dangerous reputation in emergency rooms and doctor’s offices.
A rising chorus of mental health experts contends that many of the show’s messages on suicide are inaccurate and potentially dangerous.
Some conservative critics have celebrated ESPN’s struggles, saying its coverage of some issues reveals a left-leaning sensibility.
When you have a nation full of people trying to get to the top, eventually most of the population is forced to run just to keep up.
Jordan Edwards was shot late on Saturday when the police in a Dallas suburb were responding to a call reporting young people drinking.
A bill before the City Council, backed by reproductive health groups, would create a task force to study sex education and to suggest improvements.
Some in Australia worry about the risk of being drawn into a conflict that forces it to side with either the United States, its military ally, or China, its biggest trading partner.
Prodded by other companies, Perdue, one of America’s biggest poultry producers, is testing a new breed with a healthier life — and a higher cost.
A scene between two strangers on a sidewalk in the Fort Greene section of Brooklyn.
His White House invitation to Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines erodes America’s reputation.
Noah Syndergaard, who throws the hardest fastball among starters, wanted more this season, a goal that was noble, perhaps, but ultimately reckless.
President Trump‘s willingness to meet with the North Korean and Philippine leaders illustrated his confidence in his own deal making but alarmed critics.
The uproar over the hiring of Bret Stephens as a Times columnist recalls the furor that greeted William Safire’s arrival from the Nixon White House.
Wall Street shuddered as President Trump, for the first time as resident of the White House, mused that he was considering breaking up the largest banks.
David J. Kahn reminds us who is the best.
I did not anticipate the situation of João Lucas and Ana Vitória, whose different fates had overwhelmed their mother and led to the brain-damaged boy being placed with a guardian.
Michael Solomonov of Zahav won Outstanding Chef, and from New York, Ghaya Oliveira of Daniel, Blue Hill at Stone Barns and Marco Canora of Hearth took home honors.
Add another delightfully villainous “Breaking Bad” character to the growing list whose back stories we’re discovering.
What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on what is happening in the news right now? What is your opinion of its message?
A Times reporter and his sons got an education in soccer, and swearing, in visits to Tottenham’s White Hart Lane.
We’re losing a shared consensus of who we are to diverging political narratives.
Charters and vouchers, often lumped together, are very different.
Literature about the war and its aftermath by Vietnamese and Vietnamese-Americans is plentiful and good. Too few Americans read it.
Four decades ago, Jamel Shabazz set out to photograph black and Latino young people in New York City and explore the uplifting power of style, fashion, music and culture.
How did two Slovakian high schoolers start a movement against political corruption?
What are the hidden benefits of spending time doing something you will never do well?
Like quinoa before it, açaí has become a craze among health-conscious Americans — creating a bonanza in the regions where it’s grown.
The rising superpower has built up enormous holdings in poor, resource-rich African countries — but its business partners there aren’t always thrilled.
Under a governor who calls himself “unapologetically pro-life,” Kentucky is pushing hard to close its last abortion provider.
The city has taken inventory of more than 7,700 steel-and-wood structures that are intended to ensure public safety, but often become lingering nuisances.
“Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812” is among four diverse shows that will vie for best new musical. Bette Midler is the front-runner for her role in “Hello, Dolly!”
Reader, rejoice: People are still wooing each other with books. Our columnist suggests titles to impress a love interest whose tastes run to fantasy.
An unprecedented and dangerous assault on America’s national conscience.
If science begins to be seen as a “liberal” pursuit, one researcher said, it risks losing public favor.
Tuesday: A boat ride to work, 280 miles of scaffolding, and the opening of the Empire State Building.
If you had to make a choice, would you choose your phone or your partner? Don’t answer that.
Bobby Crim has turned a star-studded race into one that now caters to the people of his hometown.
Despite their falling circulations and tarnished reputations, tabloids maintain a striking grip on power as Britain prepares to cut ties with the European Union.
In two Twitter posts, the president appeared to defend a spending package that Congress is considering that fails to accomplish many of his goals.
In their first conversation since last month’s rupture over Syria, President Trump said he would send a representative to Russian-sponsored talks.
Representative Fred Upton of Michigan said he wants more money to protect people with pre-existing medical conditions endangered by the latest health care repeal bill.
Chloe Rosenfeld, a high school senior from the Bronx, N.Y., reports on her day learning the ropes from Will Shortz and Joel Fagliano.
Dan Kluger’s new restaurant in Greenwich Village leans heavily on grains and seasonal produce, evoking his work at ABC Kitchen.
Six students weigh in.
At 61, with big projects nearing completion on both coasts, the influential founder of the French Laundry contemplates his next chapter.
Hillary Clinton sharply questioned President Trump’s conduct in office, criticizing his foreign policy pronouncements and penchant for posting on Twitter.
Terrorism has outmaneuvered law enforcement. But the government can do more than fight with raw power.
You’ve heard of the $1 slice? This is another kind of New York pizza, from a Sutton Place shop that has started selling tickets for the experience.
This is the strongest episode of “The Handmaid’s Tale” yet but it’s held back from greatness by a near-fatal flaw.
Refugees from around the world spend their first night in the U.S. at an airport hotel.
In this collaborative work by the company Bucket Club, a sighting of the mythical monster forces an evolutionary biologist to confront her unhappy past.
You don’t have to wait in line in the rain. A rich, fluffy version with a lacy, crisp crust is right at hand.
For almost a year, Times reporters followed the process of refugee integration in Weimar, home to both Goethe and Buchenwald.
Sometimes, the line for the teller just takes too long.
A fourth straight monthly sales decline, at a rate exceeding forecasts, put a dent in automakers’ shares. “The market is tapped out,” a dealer said.
Alan Arbesfeld makes an interesting point.
A lot of agita, but still not a lot of action on this week’s episode.
The suspensions of two star players have raised concerns that Twenty20 may be bringing the threat of doping along with its explosion of cash.
It is more than a health care program. It is a life-giving one. And I am proof.
One of the agencies most responsible for managing the chaos needs to have a stable senior staff.
The president’s remarks about his first 100 days have been simply bizarre.
Why the Continent’s populists have stronger grievances than ours.
Marcia Bricker Halperin&#8217;s photos of New York&#8217;s long-gone cafeterias show their graceful architecture, moody lighting and the characters who frequented them.
Should school meals be offered free to all children, regardless of income?
Services like Wish — through which American consumers can mainline goods directly from the manufacturing chaos of China — are harbingers of the end of retail as we know it.
How would you help a friend who had suicidal thoughts?
To support their families back home, women from the Philippines have found work and a new way of life in Israel. But at what price?
The New York Times’s new Op-Ed writer drew a strong reaction when he questioned the data on climate science in his first column. Now what?
The F.B.I. director spoke publicly for the first time about his decisions about the Hillary Clinton email inquiry in the days before the election.
A confluence of political and economic forces has prompted Europe’s largest airplane manufacturer to place a factory in Alabama — and to create one of the world’s most gargantuan supply chains.
As dire as the party’s electoral rout in 1983 was, there was a clear path to recovery. Now, not so much.
Though he left as a teenager, and never returned, his tragic childhood on St. Croix informed his entire life.
Have a better experience at your next doctor’s appointment by being more mindful.
If all sedentary children started exercising every day, the United States could save $120 billion a year, a study found.
Wednesday: When the president came to New York, Tony Awards nominations, and Brooklyn’s Green-Wood Cemetery.
We want to explore which commercials push our readers’ buttons, and then ask the people who created the ads just what they had in mind.
A third of respondents who work in education and technology said new schooling would not emerge in time to train workers for jobs of the future.
A vote was scheduled for Thursday, and the majority leader sounded confident about its chances, as critics called the added funding inadequate.
Alternate-day fasting has gained some popularity as a weight-loss technique, but it works no better than ordinary calorie restriction.
A large study has found that eating fresh fruit reduces the risk for developing diabetes, and the risk for its complications.
Selecting refugees based on their spiritual beliefs is a form of state-approved prejudice.
The country’s only presidential debate was more like an angry American-style television shoutfest than the reasoned discussion the French are used to.
This revival of J. B. Priestley’s 1932 comedy depicts a busy Saturday in the life of a harried, financially imperiled aristocrat.
The director of the F.B.I. just took understatement to a whole new level.
Adding $8 billion to a G.O.P. bill seems to fall short of ensuring that those with pre-existing conditions will still be able to get health insurance.
An explanation for why a student did not respond when attendance was being taken at a Brooklyn high school in the 1940s.
RB Leipzig is confident it will be able to compete in next year’s Champions League despite a relationship with the Austrian champion Red Bull Salzburg that could violate UEFA rules.
The company plans to shrink space between rows in its economy section, bringing it closer to low-cost competitors.
Recent injuries to Noah Syndergaard and Yoenis Cespedes make them the latest key players to be lost for long stretches, continuing a yearslong issue.
New data makes the Republicans’ health care bill look even worse than the Congressional Budget Office’s analysis.
Loren Muse Smith and Tracy Gray try to slip one by us.
O’Neill’s Civil War-era Greek tragedy is infused with new relevance in a production directed by David Herskovits.
It takes impressive swagger for a show to spend an entire episode chasing a red herring. But the gamble pays off.
After some F.C. Porto ultras joined a lower-division team in Portugal, opponents — citing on-field violence and off-field threats — boycotted it.
Donald Trump is a dealmaker. That means his hyperbolic statements are often just the opening bid.
The Senate may be our rampart against Trump.
Do-something impulses and eco-cure boosterism turbocharged by government and subsidized business can do great harm.
Out of the blue, the president suddenly showed new sides of himself.
An architect gives Gov. Andrew Cuomo his best chance to straighten out the subterranean mess that is America’s busiest train station.
A woman who was once trapped in a cycle of drugs, crime and incarceration now helps others start healthy lives on the outside.
Three teenage photographers from different backgrounds learn the power of visual documentation. &#8220;When I get it right,&#8221; said one of them, &#8220;I kind of feel like I&#8217;m on top of the world.&#8221;
How does Ms. Trump’s role as daughter to the president affect her position as the president’s adviser?
For many Republican voters, that’s all that matters.
The visual effects industry, and the “movie magic” blockbuster films spend huge shares of their budgets on, are being lured away from California — and into two of the most expensive cities in the world.
Tracing the strange connections of a global economy.
South Korea’s music craze has taken most of the world by storm, but Chile represents a somewhat unlikely conquest.
Are memories of your favorite children’s books enriched or eroded with a Hollywood remake?
A handstand is all about reconnecting with the ground and trusting it in a new way, a white flag of surrender planted in the soil, hands first.
Thursday: President Trump’s return, Star Wars Day, and a hometown hero.
“Sorry for destroying your door and for having used your belongings ...”
I was shot in the stomach at a parade. Here’s why I refused to cooperate with the prosecution.
The pressroom and reel room used by The New York Times until 1997 will reopen in October as National Geographic Encounter: Ocean Odyssey.
The rich and healthy benefit, but poor and disabled people who use Medicaid could lose out.
Patients with mild itchy rashes did well with an antihistamine alone, a new study reports.
After weeks of struggle, House Republicans narrowly passed hard-fought legislation to repeal and replace large parts of the Affordable Care Act.
Potent tonics are the draw at a tiny in-store restaurant with a big name (La Esquina del Camarón Mexicano) in Jackson Heights.
Now that Republicans have rammed their health care-destroying bill through the House, Americans have to hope the Senate will stop it.
This Laura Poitras documentary follows the elusive and evasive WikiLeaks founder over several years, but real-time events have overtaken the film’s tale.
Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and the crew are back for this sequel to the 2014 hit about a ragtag group of futuristic fighters.
The activism around the House bill was impressive, but it ultimately fell short. Now pay attention to the Senate.
The writer tries out various lies for the bruises on her face, then decides to tell you, and only you, the true story.
Reducing insurance access isn’t a bug in the Republican plan. It’s a feature.
The National Front offers a chance to fight his sense of invisibility.
What if New York’s police saw those they are entrusted to serve and protect as consumers who needed to be kept happy?
Our new co-chief theater critic, Jesse Green, makes his reviewing debut with this Sondheim musical. Follow him on Twitter (@JesseKGreen) and Facebook (jesse.green.critic).
Spending a few minutes in a confined space with three men accused of being gangsters.
Our new co-chief theater critic, Jesse Green, offers his take on Ms. Wiest’s work in this Beckett revival. Follow him on Twitter (@JesseKGreen) and Facebook (jesse.green.critic).
With cards for more than 225,000 young people blocked because of fines exceeding $15, some leaders ask if denying borrowing privileges is the right punishment.
My family and others have surmounted so many obstacles, only to encounter one we thought was set aside for good.
How to solve a Friday Patrick Berry puzzle.
Trump, as president, hasn’t been west of the Mississippi. Now he’s punishing the region, blue and red states alike.
Le Pen must be beaten, but then what?
If the American Health Care Act were to become law, how might it affect you and your family?
Le Pen would usher France into the mire. Her rebranding is a sham and the National Front still a racist party.
How to detox from your phone, step by step.
When patriots demand that things be produced at home, what they get isn’t always exactly what their people want.
A well-written message to company executives can solve a host of consumer problems. Just follow the model laid out 10 years ago — and use it sparingly.
For many people native to the borough, exploring real estate elsewhere in New York City takes a leap of faith.
Democrats saw a mirror image of their own politically disastrous health care experience in 2010, and they also saw an opportunity to possibly recapture the House.
The city’s high school admissions process was supposed to give every student a real chance to attend a good school. But 14 years in, it has not delivered.
The first column from The New York Times’s new Op-Ed writer drew a fresh wave of mail. And an artist was unhappy with a past public editor decision.
The economy added 211,000 jobs in April, the Labor Department said, after weak hiring figures for March. The jobless rate declined to 4.4 percent.
As a teenager, Adolfo Kaminsky saved thousands of lives by forging passports to help children flee the Nazis. He spent his life helping others escape atrocities around the world.
If the past is any guide, the House vote to replace Obamacare could put Republicans at risk in the 2018 midterm elections.
The bond between my daughters and me was carved into intricate lines that framed their cornrows, intertwined in the twists that flew with the wind.
Friday: Tweets to Trump, weekend events, and the opening of Governors Island.
The downtown boom, visible in the new night-life scene along Newark Avenue, poses a threat to the urban pioneers from the city’s grittier days.
The best sign that the economy has reached full employment would be if wage gains returned to pre-recession norms. So far, they haven’t.
Swap out the garlic and try something new with lamb chops, served with a sauce of anchovies, capers and olives.
Adding freekeh, soy sauce and sheep’s milk cheese to an asparagus salad may not be intuitive, but it is delicious.
The Congressional Budget Office’s verdict, expected next week, may influence the future of the political debate.
A top chef’s advice: To avoid wasting food, just buy the produce you’ll cook for tonight’s dinner.
Moira proves to be the inspiration Offred needs to resist the strictures of Gilead.
The price tag for the least expensive model doesn’t go over well as the basketball star and his father try a different business model.
Readers were quick to point out that a headline fell short in conveying the potential impact of the Republican health care bill.
Despite Senator Bob Casey’s efforts, a mother and child fleeing gang violence in Honduras learn a hard truth: It’s been tough for years to win asylum.
Mark E. Green, a Tennessee state senator and former Army surgeon, said his nomination had become a distraction because of “false and misleading attacks.”
Fifty years ago, I was about to graduate — and get drafted into Vietnam.
A federal judge rules that the routine use of cash bail unconstitutionally harms the poor.
A trove of internal campaign documents was posted online, campaign staff for the French presidential candidate said.
After the incident at Fenway, it was easy for me to say, “Of course — Boston.” But it’s more complicated than that.
Reproductive rights go all wrong in Washington.
It is desperate for reform — and desperate not to be reformed.
Joe DiPietro offers us a tough Saturday puzzle.
The first daughter’s book reads like a demented 12-year-old’s Tumblr feed.
Americans owe more than a trillion dollars in student debt. Regulatory changes by the Trump administration are taking us in the wrong direction.
A neighbor’s renovation is making our lives miserable and the co-op board won’t do anything.
“It is one of the few days of the year when I wear a sports coat.”
Fred Piscop’s Split Decisions is good practice for letting your brain fill in missing information.
House Republicans, already set to play defense in 2018 because of their unpopular president, must now contend with an energized, angry Democratic Party.
In a deeply divided country, some ask whether either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen will have enough authority to actually govern.
Nicole Meyer sought $150 million for a Jersey City, N.J., housing development from more than 100 investors gathered at the Ritz-Carlton in Beijing.
A clean-cut, patriotic schoolboy image has propelled TFBoys to the top of China’s charts and into the good graces of its Communist leaders.
The Spurs have lost their longtime guard Tony Parker for the rest of the playoffs. Guard Manu Ginobili is 39. The star center Tim Duncan has retired. But the San Antonio way continues to attract talent.
Marine Le Pen précipiterait la France dans un bourbier. La rénovation de son parti est une imposture: le Front National est toujours un parti raciste.
“I believe that as an abortion provider, I am doing God’s work,” Dr. Parker says.
The campaign was last year: It’s past time for the contenders to recall their duty to help a divided America to heal and move on.
With nothing left to lose, can she find herself?
Our salesman in chief celebrates hawking a shoddy product.
Will the Senate be there to catch them?
Raw Google search data proves that we are not who we say we are on social media.
Those who remain silent to please the authorities make China’s brutal system possible.
The paper has started a new unit aimed at holding politicians’ feet to the fire.
By starting a community farm and a pig co-op, Fannie Lou Hamer pointed the way toward food sovereignty.
For Republicans, governing seems to mean cutting taxes and nothing else.
Natan Last, Finn Vigeland and the members of the Jewish Association Serving the Aging crossword class highlight an interesting aspect of the English language.
That’s a clue to one of the Sunday classes offered by the Jewish Association Serving the Aging, or JASA.
The city has already taken down one monument, but crane companies in the region are receiving threats over the removal of three others.
A big Protestant church in the city where Mao Zedong spent his youth has infuriated his most fervent admirers in China, but the city’s residents mostly shrug.
Adam Wilk, who took the baseball on short notice after Harvey was suspended for three games after violating team rules, gave up six runs in a 7-0 drubbing.
Emmanuel Macron’s victory suggested that his call for a new centrist approach to politics had handily defeated the nationalism of Marine Le Pen.
The young political centrist won a strong victory over the extreme rightist Marine Le Pen, but still faces a challenge in governing a divided country.
A puzzle by Zhouqin Burnikel that gives voice to a group of people.
Emmanuel Macron’s victory brought joy from Europe’s political establishment, as he managed to stem the populist tide that has roiled the West.
Sharing some macarons liberated from a corporate party with fellow subway passengers.
Hold the Marseillaise! Time for the “Ode to Joy.”
By telling Matt Harvey he was suspended for a rules violation on the morning of a scheduled start, the Mets chastised a pitcher on whom they once relied.
The nominations of 10 judges to the lower courts are the first in what could be near monthly waves of announcements to fill more than 120 vacancies.
Following years of rumors, Nigeria confirmed that 82 girls who had been taken were released. But many parents still had no idea if their daughters were among them.
This week’s episode is one of the more emotionally draining hours the show has ever aired — which is saying something.
No good can come from monsters like Chuck and Axe doing battle, particularly for the people closest to them.
New York City’s Department of Investigation said the jail system’s chief watchdog had listened in on inmate calls with an investigator, people with knowledge of the matter said.
Etiquette books like the one we receive as freshmen may seem outdated, but old rules about manners still apply today.
I have seen the worst the world can offer. That’s why I believe the United States needs to protect what is good.
Making policy by lying about everything.
With the health care vote, the House G.O.P. has made the rest of its agenda harder to achieve.
The health care bill poses a threat to many Americans and is a death wish from the politicians who passed it.
A new generation of African artists, inspired by their predecessors and helped by technology, has been redefining how Africans look at themselves.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Some polls showing a Clinton decline, including one by The Upshot, were conducted before the letter by James Comey was released.
Certain health habits may keep breast cancer at bay and help to ward off other life-threatening ills.
Becoming a mother is one of the most significant physical and psychological changes a woman will ever experience.
Cohabitation is on the rise among older people, demographers report, driven by both personal and economic considerations.
Monday: Books on the Subway, a sanctuary Hindu temple, and a request to reinvent public spaces.
What issues arise when today’s leaders consider removing statues of historical leaders whose values and beliefs have not stood the test of time?
Higher co-payments in some plans mean that fewer people are taking drugs that are needed to keep them out of the hospital.
Since November, viewers have flocked to liberal commentators on cable news — while Olbermann, who pioneered the field, rails against Trump from a GQ photo studio.
The fallout was contained, partly because of a news blackout, and partly because France lacks an equivalent to Fox News.
A visit to the 15th-century Incan estate as a day trip from Cuzco requires extra preparation, but you can do it, unrushed.
Former President Barack Obama warned Donald J. Trump in their conversation in the Oval Office two days after the election.
The project started with a simple question from a Times graphics editor, Tom Giratikanon: “What is the fastest we can get votes from Congress onto our website?”
Taiwan’s president and ministers want the self-ruled island to have observer status at the World Health Assembly’s annual meeting in Geneva.
Trying to improve the image of a much-derided drink, its makers are planning a reboot, with the spirit many people think it already contains.
This good-natured York Theater Company musical matches a jilted bride and a restaurant worker with big dreams.
‘Ernest Shackleton Loves Me’ raises a trekker from the dead as a heartthrob in this spunky new musical.
A reporter recounts what happened when a homeless man fell to the tracks at an F train station in New York on a Saturday afternoon.
The service, in which the chef David Chang was an investor, has been sold to Deliveroo, a larger company, in London.
Running late for a special date and getting a little help.
CompStat will send New Yorkers questions on their smartphones to see if they feel safe, if they trust the police and if they are confident in the department.
San Francisco, which was just outscored by 26 runs in a three-game sweep by the Reds, has lost its ace pitcher, Madison Bumgarner, and ranks near the bottom of the majors in runs scored and E.R.A.
The president’s in-laws promise Chinese investors green cards. The real scandal is that it’s legal.
Eighteen Penn State students have been charged in the death of a sophomore: a case that, not so long ago, might have resulted only in hand-wringing.
Ms. Yates, the former acting attorney general, gave a dramatic account of an unfolding crisis in the early days of President Trump’s White House.
The return of Peter A. Collins.
In the end, victory may come down to which McGill brother is better at bamboozling the other.
Atlético will leave the decrepit Estadio Vicente Calderón, where it has played since 1966, in the next few weeks for its new digs. But the team that lives in the shadow of Real Madrid is feeling pangs of nostalgia.
Are you a fan?
In the spring of 1967, America’s top field commander toured America to show he was winning the war. Here’s why he failed.
Remaining in the treaty would spur new investment, strengthen American competitiveness, create jobs and ensure access to global markets.
It’s dehumanizing, and inaccurate, to say that women are otherwise doomed to poverty.
When hackers released Emmanuel Macron’s spectacularly mundane emails, the French media exercised better judgment than their American counterparts did in last year’s election.
Hiroshi Sugimoto is continuing his surreal &#8220;Theater&#8221; series, a meditation on the nature of time that captures the splendor of cinema and the majestic opulence of Italian opera houses.
Could more be done to protect America’s drinking water and the Americans who drink it?
Obamacare largely left the employer health benefit system alone, but did expand some protections now potentially at risk.
Does your online persona prevent you from expressing yourself in a real way, and if so, are you interested in changing it?
It used to signal a quiet, anonymous life. Now privacy is a premium that may be out of reach for ordinary citizens.
Are we kidding ourselves when we insist some things just aren’t for sale?
An enormous entitlement in the tax code props up home prices — and overwhelmingly benefits the wealthy and the upper middle class.
David Shulkin, 57, is a decisive leader and tireless student of efficiency who is among the “high priests” of patient-centered care, friends and former colleagues say.
The artists, writers and intellectuals of the charmed Bloomsbury Group often retreated to the Sussex and Kent regions, where quite a few were avid gardeners.
What’s next for the book club that’s read 42 sports-themed stories? Our columnist suggests titles old and new with strong human-interest angles.
Tuesday: Beautiful bathrooms at Bryant Park, unseasonably cool weather, and a statewide beer contest.
As Cambridge, Mass., begins to consider installing lockboxes containing the nasal spray Narcan, officials there tested how willing people would be to help a stranger needing it.
Our Washington correspondent gives two reasons: No. 1, borrowing can be a costly way to raise money and 2, the U.S. must constantly repay its debts.
The risk is that investors won’t send the signals that might prevent political leaders from making big mistakes.
The victory of Mr. Moon, a liberal, could open a rift with the United States over how to best contain North Korea’s nuclear arsenal.
At his restaurant in NoMad, the chef builds excitement out of banchan, the little plates that usually come free.
For reasons of history and culture, Polish climbers are among the world’s most audacious. This winter, a group will attempt K2, the world’s most dangerous mountain.
In his first foreign speech since leaving office, the former president takes up a cause better associated with his wife.
The authorities said the actor would not face prosecution over remarks from a 2015 TV interview, but the episode provoked public anger.
When it comes to rolling out thin pastry dough, we’re all on training wheels, compared with those who have plenty of practice.
American commanders have long argued for arming the Y.P.G., a Kurdish militia with some of the most experienced fighters in the battle against the Islamic State.
Russia’s flawed cease-fire plan is worth considering, but Mr. Trump’s decision to arm Kurdish fighters may complicate matters.
John T. Edge has made a huge mark as director of the Southern Foodways Alliance, and also spurred criticism for his take on culinary history.
A class at Parsons School of Design creates products for clients who have disabilities, like a lack of arm mobility or lower-body paralysis.
Harvey, who was suspended for three days by the team, admitted he had been out late Friday night and played golf Saturday morning before missing that night’s game.
Whoever goes on to win the Champions League this year will not have a monopoly on its memory. Monaco, too, has left its mark.
Muscle pain and other common side effects of statins may be influenced by psychological factors.
Few cities are showing as much change as this one, with chefs seeking out cheaper neighborhoods and forging new blends of immigrant cuisines.
President Trump abruptly terminated Mr. Comey, who was leading an investigation into whether Mr. Trump’s advisers colluded with Russia to influence the election.
Half immersive spectacle, half cabaret, this satire is a provocative and unnerving exploration of American racism.
The risk of having a heart attack rises within the first week of starting NSAIDs, though the absolute risk remains small.
Encountering a familiar-looking figure wearing red in Upper Manhattan.
The policy change, expected soon, would be the attorney general’s most significant rollback of the Obama administration’s push for more flexible sentencing laws.
The Yankees have the best record in the majors and are getting career-best performances up and down the roster. Can they sustain it? “I feel like we can play this way,” Joe Girardi said.
The president has now decisively crippled the F.B.I.’s ability to carry out an investigation of him and his associates.
Ned White serves us a puzzle.
The idea of being kept in the dark — of the toll that secrets can take — reverberated through the episode.
There is no reason to believe the president’s explanation for firing the F.B.I. director.
What do you think of Carter Wilkerson’s quest, and its results?
I’m pro-choice, but aborting a fetus with a “defect” should not be a given.
Stop learning and you could find yourself without a job.
Why are Trump family businesses doing so many deals in China right now?
After France’s vote, trying to gauge the stability of the Western system as a whole.
The best of Italy’s capital shines brightly. The rest? Not so much.
The controversy over a young photographer&#8217;s depiction of a teenage girl forced into sex work raises questions of how to respectfully document victims of sexual violence.
What should be done to eliminate hazing deaths of college and university students?
The Pulitzer Prize-winner on the Attica prison uprising, criminal-justice reform and the war on crime.
What are the best strategies for saying no convincingly and effortlessly?
Chatting about that heat wave isn’t banal. It’s an art form.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on what is owed the bereaved and how doctors should handle onerous insurance preapprovals.
A new wave of research sheds light on what patients want at the end of life, and who is or isn’t getting it.
Research has found that teenagers with support from adults outside of their families are less reckless and have higher levels of well-being.
If your knees creak and pop, the noises could be an indicator of early arthritis, even if the joint does not hurt.
Alone, quiet and away from the normal distractions of your life, your daily shower is a perfect opportunity to practice mindfulness.
Amy Schumer teams up with Goldie Hawn in “Snatched.” Only one of them gets to be funny.
Wednesday: The W.N.B.A. season opener, a new portal to the Brooklyn Bridge, and the history of drones.
How does nature help make us better students, and better human beings?
My party needs to stand up to this institutional assault.
President Trump shrugged off accusations of interference in the F.B.I.’s Russia inquiry, but several Republicans broke with their leadership to express concern.
Why does President Trump’s firing of Mr. Comey “[raise] the specter of political interference by a sitting president into an existing investigation by the nation’s leading law enforcement agency”?
After his swift and brutal victory, the mixed martial arts fighter has been accused of violating “the morals of martial arts,” and has gone into hiding.
A coal mining company claims that a Times editorial falsely accused the firm’s founder of lying about a mine collapse — though the last time the paper lost a U.S. libel suit was at least the early 1960s.
Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google dominate our day-to-day activities. Imagining being forced to give up some of them could lead to hard choices.
James B. Comey made his appeal during a meeting last week with the deputy attorney general, who wrote the memo used to justify his firing.
Goalie Henrik Lundqvist, a special talent, is 35, and the team’s key scorers are now on the downside of most expected performance charts.
Depleted by injuries, the Spurs leaned on the oldest player left in the N.B.A. playoffs, and he gave them a vintage performance.
A panel of governance experts said it was the most significant action so far in the Trump presidency, and among the most abnormal.
Offred navigates lust and longing in Gilead.
The president may hope to shut down the F.B.I.’s investigation into his campaign. That is likely to backfire.
The parent of the messaging app Snapchat reported earnings that missed Wall Street expectations in almost every regard.
A president who seeks to hide a scandal may be willing to risk an uproar.
In numerous subplots set against a vicious civil war, Martín Zimmerman’s play explores the contagion of culpability.
After news broke of James Comey’s firing, a planned New York Times Page A1 went out the window, our creative director explains.
Getting to know a bit about an older neighbor by what drifts through the walls.
A presidential order on religious liberty didn’t seem to live up to its scary advanced billing. But that’s only if you weren’t paying close attention.
Derek Jeter, the team’s longtime captain, will get a plaque in the Bronx and have his No. 2 retired on Sunday.
This is not about partisanship, but patriotism.
A Timothy Polin puzzle where you have to solve part of the theme twice.
“Sean just said it. Go. Put it up!” I yelled.
The villain V.M. Varga is smart with his money. The Stussy Brothers? Maybe not so much.
The top beauty retailer in the world is embracing technology, not fighting it, and making its stores into playgrounds.
Britain’s abandonment of the European Union jeopardizes London’s status as the leading hub of international finance.
Rod Rosenstein has more authority than anyone else to restore Americans’ confidence in their government.
AEM Lleida recently conquered 13 boys’ teams in a junior regional league in Spain, where women’s soccer remains mostly a sideshow.
What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on life in 2017?
In 1967, a quiet high school kid managed to get himself and his camera into the Monterey Pop Festival in California, where he witnessed Jimi Hendrix setting his guitar ablaze.
President Trump’s Obamacare replacement plan “is stunning in its shamelessness and baldness.”
Larissa Waters said she was shocked by the attention she got after feeding her infant in the Senate, adding that the response showed a need for more female lawmakers.
The man had suffered two strokes and was actively trying to prevent more. So why was he slurring his words and his face drooping?
The film “Get Out” is the latest horror blockbuster in an eight-year run of lean, inventive films from the Hollywood producer.
What makes certain activities great for increasing positivity and happiness?
What the experiences of nonmonogamous couples can tell us about jealousy, love, desire and trust.
Sometimes the birth we envision comes to fruition and sometimes it doesn’t.
Gringo tacos, some people call them. But they remain well loved, in surprising quarters.
Thursday: Animal adoption in the city, two bodies found in Central Park, and the Billie Holiday Theater.
Francine Prose and Thomas Mallon suggest reading that suits the current moment and tells us what we can expect from it.
Visitors to my suicide prevention website have said I can’t possibly understand their experience. They assume I have never been suicidal myself.
Britain&#8217;s application to join the European Common Market, a forerunner of the European Union, advanced in the House of Commons in May 1967. It was rejected by Charles de Gaulle that November.
Our critics debate a varied, and divisive, Broadway season.
The operative Roger J. Stone Jr. has a scandalous history, a Nixon tattoo and boldfaced acquaintances, including President Trump, all explored in this documentary.
Explaining an expression that the president seemed to take as his own during an interview with The Economist magazine.
The role that daughters play in health care has received little attention. Now experts are sounding the alarm about the toll it takes on women.
A Chicago Tribune correspondent on a White Star liner wired an eyewitness account of a deadly sinking — first to his paper, then to The Times.
Sri Lankan restaurants are rare in New York. This one serves pizza, but the real draws are traditional specialties like the pancakes known as hoppers.
More than one-third of profits at leading retailers like Macy’s are derived from store-branded credit cards. But counting on customers’ debt is not a sustainable strategy.
In an NBC interview, the president said he would have dismissed the F.B.I. director even if the attorney general and his deputy had not advised it.
This lesson uses articles, speeches and videos to help students analyze the relationship previous presidents have had with the media and to explore President Trump’s own fraught interactions.
“At each belay, Kacper would head up again and I’d take as many photos as I could while he remained in sight.”
How does a team so good always fare so badly in the postseason? The Capitals wonder. The Nationals wonder. So do their fans.
When seeing your mother means a trip to prison.
Predictions about the end of the white majority are misleading.
Book clubs can be the epicenter of fierce friendships and enmity; a breeding ground for resentments large and small.
The question of whether the president’s campaign colluded with Russians is now inextricably tied to the firing of James Comey.
Brigitte Macron, who is 24 years older than her husband, President-elect Emmanuel Macron and has coached him during his career, is expected to define her future role.
The Arthurian legend gets a makeover with quips, winks, body blows, digital elephants and an easy, breezy Charlie Hunnam.
Encores! makes a marvelous if last-ditch case for the cult musical based on “The Iliad” and “The Odyssey.”
Legislation to extend protections for the victims of child sexual abuse has gotten stuck in Albany. Who benefits from the current laws?
A lesson at the Met about how Monet and Renoir painted the same scene of high-class bathers, and the nickname they had for one element of their shared subject.
We’re looking for a few good men and women in Congress to understand the gravity of Trump’s debasement.
Mr. Weston, inspired by the success of the Barbie doll, introduced a line of rugged heroes. Hundreds of millions of the action figures have been sold.
James B. Comey’s associates say he now believes his unwillingness to pledge personal loyalty led President Trump to fire him as the F.B.I. director.
Many unknowns remain, but here is what we know about the collusion story so far.
Former President Bill Clinton and Victor Fleming help us celebrate the 75th anniversary of The New York Times Crossword.
The Friday puzzle resulted from a collaboration between former President Bill Clinton and Victor Fleming, an Arkansas district court judge.
What are you listening to these days?
Does age make a difference when boys and girls compete against each other in sports?
The Republican response to Trump’s cover-up will live in infamy forever.
The fight in China against Seoul’s deployment of Thaad, as the system is known, has expanded to music. The song warns: “This time, kid, you going too far.”
Will you still need me, will you still feed me, when I’m 64? Yes.
An Arizona biologist believes that their sounds should be considered language — and that someday we’ll understand what they have to say.
Some readers are worried that a new weekly column about President Trump harms the newspaper’s reputation; plus, The Times hasn’t covered an oil spill in its own backyard.
Most cities have shunned the Games because of the cost and security concerns of hosting them. Los Angeles already has most of what’s needed, including public support.
During his campaign, Moon Jae-in vowed to tackle not just government corruption but also surging household debt, high youth unemployment and stagnant wages.
If your apartment is filled with light and air, it might have a previous life you’re not aware of — as a sanitarium or a hospital.
A German article describes what a Europe dominated by Germany might look, and why war indemnities should not be paid, as reported in May 1917.
Informal norms, as much as or even more than written rules, are essential in healthy democracies.
An Ecuadorean prep-chef explains how he’s become one of the fastest marathon runners in New York City.
Motherhood is homework and braces and responsibility. This ain’t no disco.
Friday: A mother to many, weekend events, and teenagers take the Met.
Targeting the use of hand sanitizers can reduce the risk of colds, flu and other diseases.
There seems to be a willingness to compromise to achieve broader diplomatic goals.
“James Comey better hope that there are no ‘tapes’ of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!” Mr. Trump posted on Twitter.
Have we already become an authoritarian regime?
The death of a well-loved instructor leads a critic to reflect on how technique and style are passed between generations.
Why bother with conservative principles when there are left-wing moonbats to ridicule?
The attacks amounted to an audacious global blackmail attempt spread by the internet, and underscored the vulnerabilities of the digital age.
Watercress has a bright, peppery bite, and many excellent uses.
Little dispensers of hand sanitizer are popping up everywhere, but what sort of world does the product envision?
Sugar snap peas and crab get introduced in this fast and vernal weeknight dinner.
For G.O.P. leaders who care about the rule of law, Comey’s firing should be the last straw.
Colorado runner Ken John decided to run a marathon in every state, embarking on a running tour of the entire country, 26.2 miles at a time.
Tigers, giant centipedes, ambushes — life with a Marine platoon patrolling a tropical jungle.
Liberals are just setting themselves up for disappointment by hoping that the Comey affair will bring down President Trump.
We are protected, for the time being, by the president’s stupidity.
The Education Department has tightly limited staff members working on the issue, employees say, after the Obama administration’s anti-fraud campaign.
Watch out, Your Holiness, here comes Donald.
Journalists at KOMO broadcast station in Seattle, which was acquired by Sinclair Broadcast Group in 2013, have chafed at programming directives.
Ouch, Jeff Chen. That was a tough one. But that’s Saturday for you.
The American Health Care Act reflects a deep disregard for women’s health.
The “ransomware” attacks across continents raised fears that people would not be able to meet ransom demands before their data were destroyed.
Some voters in rural Oregon are seeing what happens when taxpayers force government into retreat. Libraries are blinking out. Jails might be next.
The tech giant is transforming public education with low-cost laptops and free apps. But schools may be giving Google more than they are getting.
Some women work just as much after having children, but employers pay them less, too, assuming they will be less committed, research shows.
Many New Yorkers hang flower pots or other planting containers from their windowsills, but is that legal — or safe?
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon offer an acrostic that makes me think that the author’s mother and I would be ideal roommates.
His entire pattern of behavior is obstruction of the rule of law and democratic norms.
Over cake — with extra ice cream for the president — Trump threatens Comey with just deserts.
He was a man who could stand up to power and tell the truth — and that scared President Trump.
The president is no shrewd strategist, as James Comey’s firing shows. He’s just a child.
The president is unfit for office, but we knew that already.
Formal manners and titles aren’t elitist. They ensure respect for everyone.
A handy list of updated Oval Office standards.
My generation is spending more money than ever before on these kids. Not to mention time.
Will Nediger puts us in our place.
Our software systems are like unstable cities built on swamps. We could fix them if the industry and the government took decisive action.
“Baby on Board” buttons, available for free online, are the latest part of the transportation agency’s campaign to encourage New Yorkers to be polite on the subway.
The effects of a global cyberattack could be magnified as workers return to their offices. President Trump has ordered his homeland security adviser to coordinate a response.
Enrollment is up by a third and federal student loan debt is down in the first state to offer free tuition at its community colleges.
Peter Gordon takes a deep look into our minds.
The lawmakers are showing increasing signs of separating from the president to pursue a more traditional conservative agenda and protect their political futures.
Smallpox was eradicated globally four decades ago. That awe-inspiring triumph has long begged to be duplicated. Yet to date, it stands alone.
Taking three spins in a revolving door with a famous artist in the spur of the moment.
Just because the end might be nigh doesn’t mean it’s a good idea to board an Australian sex cult cruise. Even if you’re man of the cloth like Matt.
What makes the insight fresh in Edward Einhorn’s play is the absurdist language (and Dada style) in which it’s told.
What are the rules, stated or otherwise, for how students ought to treat the people who teach them?
How have governments around the world responded to cyberattacks that originated on Friday but may continue to affect computers in the coming days?
We should not erase our nation’s history when we can acknowledge it instead.
Did racism or economic anxiety drive people to the suburbs? What if it was both?
Major changes to the system are unlikely with a mayor who is running for office.
He’s not the only one with fiscal fantasies.
We may have reached an inflection point at which even partisans grow weary of the barrage of lies.
The elegant, lyrical work from &#8220;The Black Photographers Annual,&#8217;&#8217; a four-volume anthology published between 1973 and 1980 that showcased black photographers, is now exhibited at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts.
While frustrations and delays soar, Governor Cuomo has had little to say about the subway woes, and Mayor de Blasio has been wary of getting involved.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Road closings during races can cause critical delays for patients trying to get to the hospital or waiting for an ambulance.
Going to an all-girls school isn’t necessarily what makes a girl good at math, research finds.
Complaints often stem from a misunderstanding of how emergency rooms work and how patients themselves can be helpful.
Monday: How to commute on two wheels, a blaze on the Lower East Side, and Rockefeller Center’s new toy.
“As journalists in China, we are accustomed to dealing with harassment. But we don’t typically encounter bullying at events where American companies hold court.”
The move leaves in place a lower-court ruling that struck down key parts of the law as an unconstitutional effort to target African-Americans.
After months of restoration, the former office of a railroad magnate is reopening with three bars, reservations and a more relaxed feel.
A judge sentencing Bryant Neal Vinas, a former altar boy from Long Island who later plotted attacks, had to weigh cooperation that dealt the terrorist network a staggering blow.
The surreally wholesome dessert enthralled Dale Cooper and devotees of the cult TV series. Now, as the show returns, we go looking for the recipe.
The wine industry makes junk wine because it sells like junk food. Good wines can be cheap or expensive, but they need not be processed.
High red meat consumption increased the rate of dying from cancer, heart disease, respiratory disease, stroke, diabetes, infections, kidney disease and liver disease.
Who sells to Mexico?
The intelligence disclosed was about an Islamic State plot, according to officials.
A woman offers a rundown of the snacks she keeps for herself in friends’ apartments.
The president’s new commission is based on a myth, and is crafted to cover up for his own lies about the election.
Reports that President Trump betrayed an intelligence source reveal the dangerousness of an immature man.
Indicators are far from conclusive, but intelligence officials and private security experts say that North Korean-linked hackers are likely suspects in global ransomware attacks.
Bruce Haight stirs the pot.
A revival of Suzan-Lori Parks’s bio-drama portrays a woman whose form was her fortune, and ruin.
Four years after Texas gave up millions of dollars in federal Medicaid funds, a request presents an important early test for the Trump administration.
As Gus works to build his empire, his enemies get cocky.
How long will it take you to figure out a problem that it took this boy less than a second to solve?
For most soldiers, Vietnam was a vicious, intimate conflict that is best understood at the human level.
They need to help people on the wrong side of America’s new dividing line: the four-year college degree.
After Le Pen’s European suicide, Macron and Merkel have an opportunity to renew the idea of Union.
Susan Faludi&#8217;s latest book, about her photographer father&#8217;s transition to a woman, originally had no photos. In time she realized that images are moments carved disingenuously out of continuous experience, but they can be redeemed by a...
Is Google exploiting public school teachers and students, or adding great value instead?
Four years of free public college might be unrealistic, but two years could help students find better jobs, and keep the country’s economy competitive.
A mutation in some obesity-prone dog breeds might reveal new risk factors for obesity in humans — and perhaps give rise to new drugs.
We all may be losing sight of the difference between appearance and reality — between what we advertise and what we do.
Surrounding myself with animals to feel less alone was a mistake: The greatest comfort is in knowing their lives are not about us at all.
The language of bumbling politicians is elevated behind closed doors, where they’re free to express how much they despise one another.
Forty years ago, feline hyperthyroidism was virtually nonexistent. Now it’s an epidemic — and some scientists think a class of everyday chemicals might be to blame.
Does spatial illiteracy leave citizens without a framework to think deeply about foreign policy questions?
Tuesday: Tips for protecting yourself online, a fatal crash at Teterboro, and the first electric stock board.
A draft law that seeks to protect women against violence is being opposed by conservative lawmakers with military ties and by Buddhist hard-liners.
“I’m looking for books in which the main character is a young boy of color. I want him to be doing the normal, funny things that kids do.”
Corticosteroid injections were no more effective than a placebo in relieving pain or stiffness or improving the ability to walk.
Older men and women who ate yogurt daily had a lower risk of osteoporosis than those who did not eat yogurt.
Michael Ruhlman, the author of “Grocery,” leads a skeptical stroll through a North Jersey store to show why big changes may be needed in the business.
Maybe the most potent check on the president is the aghast people around him.
A Greenwich Village sibling of the Brooklyn restaurant Pig Beach impresses with seafood, sandwiches and, running through it all, smoke.
The revelation adds a potential diplomatic complication to an episode that has renewed questions about how the White House handles sensitive intelligence.
Sharapova, who recently returned from a doping suspension, now has no way of entering the French Open, which she has won twice.
Mexican cuisine has made the leap to the global stage of fine dining, with chefs in Mexico and beyond producing creative, world-class food.
When getting an abortion is even harder than the decision to have one.
“I hope you can let this go,” the president told the F.B.I. director in an Oval Office meeting in February, according to a memo James B. Comey wrote.
Researchers say that scientists may soon be able to create a baby from human skin cells that have been coaxed to grow into eggs and sperm.
After airport workers rallied for better pay, their union, 32BJ Service Employees International, is backing a bill that would set a minimum wage of nearly $18 an hour.
Elected Republicans won’t stand up to Trump’s abuse of power, like his asking James Comey to halt the Flynn-Russia inquiry. So now you have a choice.
The Coney Island of one poet’s mind.
The latest nightmare for the agency, which is responsible for eavesdropping, code breaking and cyberespionage, appears to be far from over.
The former F.B.I. director wrote that the president asked him to end the investigation of Michael Flynn’s ties to Russia.
This London stage and television star gets inside your head during his enthralling, baffling one-mentalist show.
An example of why it’s sometimes bad to overthink things, by Paul Hunsberger.
Two plays by Mfoniso Udofia, part of a cycle about the members of a Nigerian family, track their migration to the United States.
Removal, not impeachment, for a president unfit for office.
This week’s episode was Paige-free, leaving more room for Henry and an interlude in Massachusetts.
Can creativity be turned on through discipline?
As a black woman, I am keenly aware of the irony of being ushered through back ways, sketchy hallways and side entrances.
For years Mahtab Hussain has photographed working-class Asian Muslim men in England as part of a portrait series that counters simplistic narratives that portray Muslims as refugees or terrorists.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on ‘agent regret,’ the rapist next door and monitoring your child’s Internet activity.
The radio host on declaring his black pride on TV, never feeling embarrassed and the end of “Girls.”
The neurologist thought one thing; the infectious-disease specialist another. Who was right?
The new entry in Ridley Scott’s long-lived franchise is committed to the canny management of expectations, but that doesn’t diminish its creepiness.
The cruelest farmyard animal is revealing of human nature.
Human families aren’t the only kind displaced by Lahore’s construction boom.
What I learned from the little shell.
It’s humbling to care for an animal that reminds you, each day, of your own imminent death.
That audacious animal was a tether to home.
Why Burmese pythons may be the best way to study diabetes, heart disease and the protective effects of gastric-bypass surgery in humans.
Late night got partisan. The competition found its groove. And now “The Tonight Show” host is looking for all the luck he can get.
Full-service apartment buildings give an urban vibe, but historic homes and tidy yards suggest something quieter.
Athletes with concussions are told to give up activity, screens and school for weeks. Now experts think a little more activity helps the brain heal.
Research shows that allowing children to chase after the newest thing fosters a sense of deficiency that can never be fully satisfied.
Men who shave often may be wasting their time. Research suggests that both women and men prefer men who sport at least some amount of facial hair.
Wednesday: Understanding those big green letters, basking in the hot weather, and preparing your summer to-do list.
Taiwan has sought to make it easier for Southeast Asians to come to Taiwan, relaxing visa requirements and opening new air routes.
Approach mowing the lawn as an adventure brimming with curiosity and wonder instead of just an ordinary, mundane task.
Photos and videos showed people kicking and punching demonstrators outside the ambassador’s residence as the police tried to intervene.
A cedar-and-glass house in Michigan City; an Acadian-style home in New Orleans; and a modernist retreat in Palm Springs.
France and Britain waged war against Germany far from northern Europe, successfully wresting its African colony of Kamerun, now Cameroon.
It’s called price discrimination, but its overuse points to the financial weakness of many private colleges.
Defending a friend is a natural instinct, and beseeching leniency is not a crime.
But will they come when you do call them?
The concern is that certain blood tests may have underestimated blood lead levels, providing false reassurance about risk for lead exposure.
Far from the coasts, two cities vie for fashion bronze. Our reporter checks out the scenes and, after many expense-account dinners, selects a winner.
With 16 Basquiats headlining in this week’s evening auctions, the graffiti rebel has become the heavyweight artist of the season.
Ain Gordon’s messy, heartbreaking show is both eulogy and autobiography, capturing the exciting and ungentrified city he knew in the 1970s.
The decision came after a cascade of damaging developments for President Trump in the wake of his abrupt firing of the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey.
We pause while the president feels sorry for himself.
It is not hard to imagine a day soon when the Celtics and the 76ers are grappling for supremacy in the East, with the Lakers awaiting the winner, just like in the 1980s.
A fact of New York City life becomes a lesson of another kind on a cold Friday night.
Serena Joy gets an origin story that proves that she’s in a prison of her own making.
The French Tennis Federation’s call not to give Sharapova a wild card into the French Open has some claiming it went too far.
Under a new Trump administration policy, the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency is casting a wider net.
The mayor said the biggest impediment to getting around was the city’s roads and blamed the state for continued problems with the subway system.
What if an unstable president reaches for the nuclear button?
With the former F.B.I. director in charge, Americans should be assured of a strong, independent inquiry.
Jacob Stulberg poses a question.
To a certain kind of conservative, last fall’s was “the Flight 93 election.” Perhaps it was, but not as they intended.
If it weren’t for Sy and Nikki, the Stussy brothers might have made nice by now. But this is “Fargo,” and the body count is still low.
What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on our world
Israel is the United States’ eyes and ears in the Middle East. Its secrets need to be secure in Washington.
Fear of being “primaried” in ever more polarized districts keeps congressmen from breaking ranks.
Clay Benskin&#8217;s photographs of New York standpipes show them to have as much personality as the city&#8217;s residents.
What can our interactions and experiences with animals — tame or wild — teach us about ourselves?
Adult travelers who are not immune to measles risk bringing home a highly contagious and sometimes fatal disease.
When you run your restaurant with your wife, it can be tricky to tell where one voice starts and the other leaves off.
What can we learn from chimps and sheep and maybe even insects that practice medicine on themselves?
Compton Jr. Posse in Los Angeles, which brings inner-city children and horses together, reveals the therapeutic power of communing with fellow sentient beings.
Thursday: Tourists take on the sizzling weather, goats return to Prospect Park, and bands battle at Grand Central.
Fear of cancer fuels other fears related to the body politic; it makes me vulnerable to an all-pervasive fearfulness.
There’s been a year’s worth of headlines in just a week. It’s been exasperating for some, exhausting for many.
More than 300 readers weighed in on whether an open marriage is a happier marriage based on their personal experience.
The boom and bust cycle in the housing market had terrible consequences. Yet unless we fully understand its causes, we may end up repeating it.
A smiling, baseball-headed constant in a world of constant change.
Animal rights advocates say the city of Yulin agreed to ban sales of dog meat in the week before the event, although no officials contacted could confirm the reports.
Putting mice into something like a meditative state may shed light on the human brain.
Mr. Ailes exerted wide influence on American politics with his conservative Fox News, only to be undone by sexual harassment allegations.
A five-step process for giving students agency in taking on issues they care about.
Thinking of splitting? Here are some questions that may stave off divorce — or at least make parting less rancorous.
Anecdotal ledes have bedeviled Times executives at least since 1980. But they are easier to deplore than to cull.
This East Village restaurant changes personality at night, moving away from Western-leaning comfort foods toward more Japanese snacks.
A startling outcome of China’s crackdown on outspoken rights lawyers and advocates has been the resistance movement formed by their wives.
Sweet or dry and infused with herbs, spices and botanicals, this often misunderstood fortified wine whets the appetite.
The appointment of the special counsel keeps the attention on the campaign, not Trump’s presidency.
The Trump administration says roundups by immigration authorities are the best way to target gangs, but they haven’t stopped the killings.
The 36th Marathon of One-Act Plays: Series A, produced at Ensemble Studio Theater with the Radio Drama Network, is off to a rousing start.
It’s no easy task being selected as a winner out of 7,895 entries, a record.
For a nine-day presidential trip with stops in four countries, it’s a bit more complicated than packing for a family vacation.
The former F.B.I. director described being dismayed by the president’s attempts to build a personal relationship with him amid the Russia investigation.
Traveling to Manhattan as a young man to see three great shows, but missing a pretty famous one by a day.
Mr. Kushner called the head of Lockheed Martin while he met with Saudi officials, showing President Trump’s eagerness for a major deal before his first foreign trip.
Matthew Sewell starts our solving weekend.
Is is possible to strike a balance between breaking news overload and being fully informed?
Will the struggling Caribbean commonwealth convince Washington that it is ready to become the 51st American state?
America has been stumbling in the region for years. The new president has an opportunity to change that.
The announcement that a member of the Trump White House would be the commencement speaker at my school drew considerable backlash.
We need to understand what made Trump possible.
Would you go to work for this president?
Just the threat that Republicans may destroy Obamacare has led insurers to pull out or raise rates in some states next year.
Given what a centenarian has seen, we know that Trump, too, will pass.
The bedeviled president hits the road, in search of salvation.
A wedding stirs emotions, the way spring stirs up a lake. You never know what will rise to the surface.
For this issue, the doctor is in.
The New York Times first withheld the source, but then went on to say that Israel provided the intelligence President Trump shared with the Russians.
Readers reacted to an article about “matrescence,” which anthropologists define as the process of becoming a mother.
A report by antidoping officials says the coach, Alberto Salazar, violated drug protocols with Dathan Ritzenhein, Mo Farah and other elite runners.
With rental prices out of reach for many New Yorkers, the market has created new ways to rent by the room, at affordable and luxury rates.
The decision does not mean that Mr. Assange, who has been living in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London for five years, is in the clear.
What do you think: Should some of these rigs be converted into artificial reefs once they are decommissioned? Or, should they be completely removed?
Runners and race planners can take steps to rein in spectators. But things still happen.
Blood tests can determine if you have prediabetes, but losing a small amount of weight can prevent its progression to diabetes.
Friday: Gauging reactions to the deadly crash, weekend events, and Brooklyn’s newest museum.
Many of the president’s actions have been right out of Despotism 101. But the law is catching up with him.
What insect would you most like to learn more about? Why?
The Air Force filed a formal protest with China, saying that two fighters had flown in an “unprofessional” way near an American military plane over the East China Sea.
William Sanders’s data-driven method of evaluating the effectiveness of teachers was a once-revolutionary idea that has gained wide acceptance.
Stanley Greene, a founding member of Noor Images who covered global conflicts with unblinking honesty, has died in Paris.
President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines claimed that China’s leader told him not to “force the issue” of oil drilling in disputed waters.
This fresh cheese needs no adornment, just good bread, or perhaps a drizzle of olive oil and few arugula leaves, but a seasonal vegetable topping makes it more festive.
Even a single subway stop in New York City can have a serious impact on how much an apartment costs to rent.
The story behind the story of the first virtual-reality stereo footage ever shot on the continent.
A filling of the berries and pistachios makes a showstopping spring dessert.
Virtually all single-family homes lack features needed to accommodate aging owners’ limitations. But there are specialists prepared to help fix that.
As the inventory of new rentals grows, discounts and concessions have gotten better, with some landlords asking as little as $500 for a deposit.
The conversation reinforces the notion that President Trump dismissed him primarily because of the bureau’s investigation into possible collusion between his campaign and Russian operatives.
Even the most reluctant D.I.Y.er needs a few basic tools. Here’s what the experts suggest.
The former Fox News chief expanded the reach of conservative media — and paved the way to its decline.
A president who has regularly disparaged Islam now needs help from Muslim countries to fight the Islamic State.
He’s making 5 stops in 9 days. Anything could happen.
Paolo Pasco and David Steinberg collaborate on a tough but lively Saturday grid.
Party members in Congress are about to find out how unpopular their agenda really is.
Most historians say no — but not all agree. We should hear them out.
The Young America’s Foundation, a well-funded group based in Washington, is on a mission to “restore sanity” at schools by deploying provocative speakers.
All men aged 21 to 30 are ordered to register at recruiting stations as the nation organizes for the coming struggle.
What’s the best way to raise a roommate’s rent — or get her to move out?
Making China the Middle Kingdom again.
Mel Taub returns with Puns and Anagrams.
The new E.P.A. administrator has a long, helpful history with Devon Energy, going back to his days as attorney general of Oklahoma.
New orders affect care around the world, including money for a $3 procedure that screens for cervical cancer with a dab of vinegar.
Too much indulgence in impeachment notions could prove to be an unfortunate distraction.
A special prosecutor alone isn’t enough to uncover White House wrongdoing. You also need aggressive congressional inquiries.
The best way to build reader confidence is often just to let the facts of a story speak for themselves.
Comparing our president to a child is inaccurate and unfair to children.
The president’s revolution has already evaporated.
It used to take 50 minutes to get to the airport. Now I give myself five hours.
Mr. Trump’s recklessness may force Congress or the courts to constrain him, diminishing the power of the office.
While party leaders in Washington focus on President Trump’s troubles, candidates in the states are trying to devise a message to reach the voters they need to win back.
The return of Randolph Ross.
All the new pieces have fit nicely, and now Golden State is on the verge of sweeping the Spurs and roaring into the N.B.A. finals.
Djokovic has struggled since winning at Roland Garros last year, and has revamped his support team. Agassi has never coached before.
Our writers discuss Trump’s address to the Muslim world. The verdict? “It could have been worse!”
“I have to beat Serena to win a Grand Slam” — that common belief doesn’t apply these days. Who’s the favorite now?
A recent convert to the wonders of the web is trying to persuade his neighbors in a remote village that “the whole world rests inside the mobile.”
Nine months after Uber rolled out self-driving vehicles in Pittsburgh, the city’s relationship with the ride-hailing company has soured.
Gary Kennedy creates a tribute to his son’s early passion in his first solo crossword debut.
Is it to reinvigorate Communism in the state that birthed, then repudiated, the idea? Or just a chance to return defective goods? Online, it’s anyone’s guess.
By shutting out Middlesbrough, 3-0, in its Premier League finale, Liverpool edged Arsenal by 1 point to claim its place in next season’s tournament.
A boy is beckoned to the hotel lobby by his mother, and told to bring a pen and paper.
The series is almost over. And there’s still absolutely no telling how it will end.
With the beautifully performed but overplotted “Whirligig,” Hamish Linklater considers the forms and consequences of addiction.
The American Academy of Pediatrics says that many parents wrongly believe that fruit juice is good for children.
Anarchist groups are taking matters into their own hands after years of austerity policies and a refugee crisis have undermined the Greek government.
When seen in the light of pure machine learning (think IBM’s Watson), his behavior actually makes sense.
Progress by two of the world’s top greenhouse gas producers is a huge lesson for the United States.
The governor runs the city’s transit system. He needs to fix it.
It doesn’t seem possible that Mike Pence knew nothing.
Creeping along the real road to serfdom.
Dayanita Singh has spent the past decade creating customizable photo books that are a portable exhibit and catalog in one.
The blast struck a military-owned hospital in the capital on Monday, three years after the army seized power to thwart a populist movement in the kingdom.
How do you explain the differences, if there are any, between your generation’s and your parents’ generation’s attitudes about money?
The Trump administration has disputed the authority of the top ethics watchdog to request the names of former lobbyists working in the White House or federal agencies.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
What we breathe affects how well we perform at school or work, research shows.
Trans fat bans led to fewer heart attacks and strokes.
Sleep deprivation is linked to behavioral and mental health problems and car accident risk, experts say, and starting school later could help.
Monday: Bird-watching across the boroughs, behind the walls of Rikers Island, and calorie-counting at city restaurants.
The president’s effort will test whether a career of business-deal-making can be translated into progress in the world of international diplomacy.
We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fourth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. Here, an essay by Sarah Heiland, age 18.
The nation is continuing to become more suburban, with sprawling metro areas spreading out further. But the most dense places are tending to become denser.
The missile launched on Sunday could not reach American bases in Guam, South Korean officials said, but the test appeared to have provided useful data.
The Supreme Court ruled that state lawmakers had violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing the congressional districts.
The chef Jared Sippel’s restaurant is both French and Italian, formal and casual.
The Mint Theater has revived this 1922 drama about two brothers: one who could do no wrong, one who could never measure up.
The San Francisco chef believes in the powerful connection of eating from the same pot, no plates required.
His failure to disclose income from Russian and Turkish sources, and his apparent attempt to mislead the Pentagon, could put Mr. Flynn in legal jeopardy.
“Their work was tough, often lonely, and the stories poured out of them as though people beyond their fraternity had rarely asked about it.”
The late Fox chief built a ratings juggernaut by exploiting me and many others.
In this reimagined version of Shakespeare’s tragedy, the Prince of Denmark becomes the Prince of Persia.
The return of the Log Lady and a mysterious glass box are among the Lynchian touches in the first episodes of the new “Twin Peaks.”
Videos on social media showed concertgoers running and screaming. The police said a suicide bomber appeared to be responsible.
An extremely gentle bank robbery on the Upper East Side.
We’re shoveling in Trump news developments so quickly that we don’t have time to chew them over — or to digest them.
The package calls for spending more than $2.6 billion for border security — including $1.6 billion to begin work on a border wall — and slashing more than $800 billion from Medicaid.
Zhouqin Burnikel invites us to an event and explains her nickname, C.C.
Exploring the inner circles of lawyer hell.
By building a regional strategy around seeing Iran as the enemy, the president may be making conflict more likely.
Vietnam was a small-scale, intimate tragedy, as one young California mother discovered in 1967.
For gay students in the South, college often provides a welcoming environment.
While attention is elsewhere, Senate leaders are laying the groundwork to take health insurance from millions.
Contemplating life after Trump.
Since their earliest days, photography and science have been intertwined, going from single images of fleeting phenomena to using cameras that shoot a trillion frames per second.
Britain’s prime minister put the nation on a “critical” level of alert on Tuesday and deployed the military to work with the police over fears that another terrorist attack was imminent.
In an era of analysts and HD broadcasts, audiences don’t see the players as larger-than-life characters anymore.
Americans may be losing faith in the idea that any figure or institution can rise entirely above the partisan fray.
What changes would you like to see on the internet, and why?
A bit of Jamaican patois describes the curious ways news can travel.
In a special travel edition of Match Book, our columnist offers recommendations geared toward discovery and self-discovery.
Baltimore-area renters complain about a property owner they say is neglectful and litigious. Few know their landlord is the president’s son-in-law.
Living under draconian state laws, Arizona activists honed an effective strategy for keeping undocumented immigrants in the country. Can the same tools still work today?
The state has been at the leading edge of the resistance to President Trump. But of all the battles, none have the global implications of climate change.
It’s a much-mocked place — but also many states in one. All of them can be fascinating and, yes, sometimes weird.
Tuesday: The king of ragtime, Shakespeare in the park, and an American flag drive.
Attacking Iran in Saudi Arabia is a futile and provocative mistake.
We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fourth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. Here, an essay by Daina Kalnina, age 15.
Do you suffer from a lack of nature in your life? How might attending a kindergarten like this have changed you?
The government said the legislation that passed the House was needed to protect Japan before the 2020 Olympics, but critics feared its effect on privacy and free speech.
The case highlights rising religious and ethnic tensions in Indonesia, the world’s most populous Muslim-majority nation.
The commencement speaker Yang Shuping, a senior at the University of Maryland, was accused on social media of selling out her homeland.
Friends and strangers seem to think that by choosing to marry at a young age, I have surrendered my ambitions for a different cause.
The risk of developing an infection at the site of a surgical wound increases during the summer months.
For many, the island snack is a taste of home. For others, it’s a new favorite.
A chef aims for “the meal of the decade.” The Times’s restaurant critic, however, won’t be there.
The franchise, which began play in 1993, has never started a season this hot.
You get great smoky flavor from cooking over or beside coals or wood. But on a Wednesday night there is little easier than lighting a gas grill.
Baby boomers keep reminding us about Sean Connery, but enough already. And millennials, you just need to listen to us.
&#8220;Can you fix this?&#8221; one woman asked as she spat six crowns into her hand one by one.
Recognizing the looming track repairs at Pennsylvania Station as a potential crisis, the governor called for a plan on par with the response to Hurricane Sandy.
Neither trade nor technology, but politics.
Eating chocolate may lower the risk for atrial fibrillation, the irregular heartbeat that can lead to stroke and heart failure.
President Trump’s plan, though dead on arrival, will influence congressional deliberations, and its most consequential effect may be to push authors of House and Senate bills to the right.
The mayor of New Orleans just gave a speech on race and history that you need to hear.
Even drastic spending cuts won’t make up for its wildly optimistic assumptions about growth.
A subway rider gets a compliment after butting into a conversation among M.T.A. workers.
The Manchester attack must be seen as an effort to stir vengeance so intense as to destroy cherished values.
In Gina Gionfriddo’s new play, a college graduate working off a catastrophic debt and a working-class single mother both aim to become upwardly mobile.
Michael Hawkins makes me wonder if I’m in the right business.
In the season’s penultimate episode, a member of the younger generation puts the spies in peril.
There is a May 1 deadline for students to choose a college and place a deposit, but increasingly, the negotiations continue well beyond that.
The overall accuracy of Zillow’s estimates has gotten better, and it’s now announcing a $1 million award to sharpen the company’s algorithm further.
The Premier League team’s 26.3-million-pound man is known for his intensity and his devotion to his homeland.
How accepting are you of your own body and looks?
Before we succeed, we must be able to think of ourselves as people with rights.
The comeback of distressed and lost communities is the story of Bill Clinton’s America, not Donald Trump’s.
How a 1980s dystopia does and doesn’t illuminate the present.
A dispute that goes to the heart of how conservatives and liberals view the role of work, and the problem of poverty more generally.
In &#8220;Generations Stolen,&#8221; Matthew Sherwood documents the fates of mixed-race aboriginal children who had been kidnapped from their families during Australia&#8217;s disastrous experiment with forced assimilation.
The author on giving young people life advice and what she learned from sex work.
How should student yearbook editors handle political news, especially like the past year’s tumultuous election?
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on how to balance the good a nonprofit does against how it treats those who work for it and whether you should give away your cigarettes when you quit.
Exploring the touchstones of Piet Mondrian’s life, as Dutch cultural institutions celebrate the 100th anniversary of the art movement he helped found.
As the Syrian civil war turns in favor of the regime, a nation adjusts to a new reality — and a complicated new picture of the conflict emerges. 
Years after the hurricane destroyed 350 homes, the private community has not fully recovered. But there are flip-flops for sale again in the surf shop, and new sand dunes to hide young lovers.
Four things that health care experts will be looking for in today’s health care analysis, and what they think it will say.
Developments indicated that the bomber, Salman Abedi, was part of a wider and more sophisticated plot than was initially believed.
Regular, brisk walks improved thinking skills in older people with a common form of age-related memory loss.
By swimming mindfully, we can transform routine lap sessions into an immersive form of moving meditation.
Wednesday: The area’s best roller coasters, an Uber mistake, and Fleet Week.
A modernist house in Boulder; a country-style home outside Charleston; and a 1775 house in Stockbridge.
While most personal care products require ingredient lists on the label, feminine care products are exempt from disclosure.
In Cartagena, the market has been strong for the last 20 years, since the city’s centuries-old houses began to be restored as luxury properties.
A spoiler-filled conversation with one of the creators of the smart Netflix series.
Who will get hurt if Medicaid gets slashed? Add my family to the list.
This episode feels like a rote collage of imagery culled from countless other depictions of dystopias.
The free cardboard boxes, which double as a baby’s first bed, aren’t regulated and have not been proven to reduce infant mortality.
As the case of the Seth Rich murder shows, uncorroborated stories will spread as long as some people want to tell them, and others want to believe.
Dwayne Johnson and his lifeguard squad try to save the Bay while providing the sort of sleazy, wholesome entertainment this ’90s series was known for.
As fiber intake increased, the prevalence of knee osteoarthritis decreased, a new analysis found.
The plan released by the White House uses laughable assumptions to provide cover for the deep cuts to social programs.
President Trump’s proposed cuts in diplomacy and aid would hurt America and its allies.
The budget office’s report also found that the bill would reduce federal deficits by $119 billion over a decade, less than the $150 billion in savings projected for an earlier version of the bill.
In a speech after Confederate monuments were taken down, Mayor Mitch Landrieu made it clear how much racial attitudes needed to change.
American spies collected intelligence last summer revealing that Russians were debating how to work with Trump advisers, current and former officials say.
Any law based on the House bill will worsen the health care system. That’s the overwhelming message of the Congressional Budget Office’s analysis.
As a 19-year-old University of Texas student in 1957, Ms. Conrad became the focus of attention when a state legislator objected to her casting in a mixed-race production of “Dido and Aeneas.”
A physician is contacted by his squash partner at a particularly opportune time.
The Congressional Budget Office’s assessment of the House’s health bill predicts dysfunctional markets for about one-sixth of the population.
With his starters often faltering early, Manager Terry Collins is turning to a relief corps that seems increasingly overused.
The incident, after questions about the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, brought police officers to the event and sent the reporter to the hospital for X-rays.
Martial law, then impeachment. Robert Schenkkan’s new future-history play is red meat for blue states.
Me, me, me, says the trailblazer Erik Agard.
Gloria finally meets Varga, who will be her biggest foe as the season concludes.
Are you a fan? What do you think about how she and her followers have reacted to the attack at her May 22 concert? What would you like to say to the pop star if you could?
Conflict rules are skirted in secret, and inquiries from those responsible for oversight are rebuffed.
The president is a man with a budget plan that nobody understands.
A new study challenges the myth that marriage is a magic potion.
Thank God for our truth-seeking patriots in the G.O.P.!
When Pamela Gentile became the staff photographer for the San Francisco International Film Festival, the event became her muse, with her photos evoking a sense of film noir mystery.
And is that even the question?
What are the stories of veteran truck drivers, and those new to the job?
President Trump, in Belgium on the fourth leg of his overseas trip, met with NATO and European Union leaders. Analysts said expectations were low.
A reality show so punishingly mundane that it becomes beautiful.
Deciphering the rise of a lifestyle guru who sells self-absorption as the ultimate luxury product.
Who, or what, is your source for book titles to add to your list?
The beans and pork of northern Mexico, by way of San Francisco.
At a time when society’s views on gender identity are outpacing the language to describe it, easily referenced rules can prevent embarrassing mistakes.
Struggling to sell tickets and suites, team officials are taking a much closer look at how to attract a younger fandom’s attention.
Tormented by an incurable disease, John Shields knew that dying openly and without fear could be his legacy, if his doctor, friends and family helped him.
Sometimes you get lost on long runs, but you still end up in just the right place.
We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fourth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. Here, an essay by Reagan Briere, age 16.
Thursday: John F. Kennedy’s 100th birthday, Amazon’s first New York City store, and the opening of the Brooklyn-Battery tunnel.
Why Trump should call for a halt to the alliance’s expansion.
Why has President Trump remained so loyal to Michael Flynn?
The president promised to “never forsake” allies but lectured NATO members on the need to pay what he said was their fair share of the alliance costs.
The reproach by Britain’s prime minister suggests a striking moment of discord between two longstanding allies that share intelligence.
Whether Brexit or Brazil, scandal or crisis, what seems momentous news can be shaky ground for investment decisions, as some hedge funds have found.
It takes a visceral understanding of terrorism to have an intellectual one.
Snip off the flowering tops of herbs to make a colorful compound butter for fish, chicken, vegetables or toast.
Weighing aging wine versus terroir in a region of vast potential, where quality cannot be taken for granted.
Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal is the commander alluded to in David Michôd’s satirical portrait of a man in over his head and enthralled by his own hype.
In a fresh setback for the administration, a federal court in Richmond, Va., said the ban “drips with religious intolerance, animus and discrimination.”
With state funding way down, top public colleges are replacing high-achieving lower-income students with affluent ones.
A second survey of political scientists finds a sense that the United States is doing slightly worse in some aspects of political well-being.
The latest in the “Pirates of the Caribbean” franchise brings back Johnny Depp’s Captain Sparrow but leaves the joy an ocean away.
Amir Bar-Lev’s four-hour documentary chronicles the band’s deeply musical journey while placing it at the joyous center of the counterculture.
It was a coincidence of scheduling for the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, but the difference in the receptions of the former and current presidents was telling.
How the advocates of Trumpism are wrestling with its absence from the Trump presidency.
Jon Brittain’s play explores the fallout when Fiona announces to her girlfriend that she wants to transition and be called Adrian.
A wealthy candidate overcame a crisis of his own making, winning a closely watched contest a day after he was accused of physically attacking a reporter.
The smoke had barely cleared from the Manchester attack before The New York Times ran forensic-evidence images. British officials were angry. So were readers.
N.F.L. teams shrink-wrap their quarterbacks between seasons now, but things were different in 1965.
A new musical explores the ancient (and continuing) Afghan practice of bacha bazi, the sale of boys to wealthy men.
Legislation by a New York City councilman calls for stadiums with more than 5,000 seats to extend protective nets from home plate to the foul poles.
A tug-of-war between you and Robyn Weintraub starts our solving weekend.
The lake where Johnny lifted Baby may be gone, but the North Carolina and Virginia sites where the film was shot still offer plenty of nostalgia.
Photos by The New York Times and by photographers from around the world.
The child killers of modern Europe have no armies, no tanks or cannons at their disposal.
What possesses him to treat America’s allies so badly?
His budget and health plan show he despises his voters. Will they notice?
We’re suffering through a national identity crisis.
Like the United States, Iran wants to tackle terror. But what about the Saudis?
Safety-net hospitals keep us all healthy by treating the patients no one else wants. Don’t let Republicans destroy them.
If you could create a new sports movie of your own, what would it be about, and who would star in the leading roles?
To avoid bringing new properties to market near the L train while the line is shut down, developers have been scouting property elsewhere.
Pâte à choux has been around for hundreds of years, but every pastry chef makes it new. Home cooks can, too.
Readers wondered about the continued naming of the arena’s performer. Other concerns: a photo of food stamp recipients and a take on the U.S. debt.
As the legislative realities of replacing the health law become clear, some Republicans are turning their attention to a different target: tax reform.
Here are some alternatives for renters looking for neighborhoods with a similar vibe.
The top 200 chief executives, who make more than last year, are holding meetings with President Trump, who is considering rolling back Dodd-Frank regulations.
The Army has sought to play down the significance of the mixed-gender milestone. But female grunts see it as monumental and revolutionary.
I was no Annie Sullivan. I couldn’t break him, and instead, he was breaking me.
Winemakers may add sugar to wine to “improve” the taste, and sugar content can vary widely.
We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fourth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. Here, an essay by Francesca Kelley, age 18.
Is Grande’s network of 150 million people stronger than the terrorist Abedi’s? Yes it is.
Friday: Activities for the holiday weekend, a new roller coaster, and Manhattanhenge.
The company has its headquarters in Newark and is encouraging employees to help in the struggling city’s revival by offering incentives to live there.
The U.S. military had the highest recorded casualties in any week since entering the war in Vietnam in 1955.
Thousands of minors wed each year in the United States. Many are given no choice.
Worker pay isn’t rising as fast as low unemployment rates would suggest. That reflects low productivity growth, a major challenge for the economy.
Two episodes, encompassing the mystical and the silly.
In the post-truth presidency, a gesture is worth a thousand words.
A few members of the allium family — spring onion, leek and green garlic — benefit from a bread crumb and Parmesan topping.
Video clips, incense and guided meditation are mashed up in Royal Osiris Karaoke Ensemble’s offbeat exploration of courtship in the age of the app.
In 1967 American firepower was unmatched. But it didn’t save the hundreds of United States troops killed in the battle at Dak To.
A month of fasting is punctuated with daily gatherings of family and friends, laden with nourishing food.
Everyone seems to be dreaming of replacing a flamboyantly unqualified man with a quietly unqualified one.
The spirit’s new popularity in the United States thrills many Americans but worries others, who fear for its sustainability.
A dozen military veterans recited Sophocles’ poetry and explained their feelings about war and coming home.
The menu is rambling, featuring dishes like tempeh, goat skewers, and calamari gilded by salted duck egg yolks, but the waiters are patient guides.
In a reversal, the White House said it would publicly disclose waivers allowing former lobbyists to work in the administration.
Montana gave its House seat to a Trump supporter who had just assaulted a reporter for asking about health care legislation.
He restored normality to a United States Middle Eastern policy that had become abnormal under Obama.
A back channel between Jared Kushner, a White House adviser, and Moscow was proposed to discuss Syria, but never pursued, in the weeks before Donald J. Trump’s inauguration.
In which I learn a new word, courtesy of Damon Gulczynski.
That so many working households qualify for the aid reflects the prevalence of low wage jobs, the real problem Washington should be solving.
Despite intense lobbying by world leaders, Mr. Trump did not endorse the Paris climate accords on the last day of his trip abroad.
It&#8217;s the macroeconomics, stupid.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon light up our weekend once again.
I thought it was a romantic comedy. I was wrong about the comedy.
Any doubts about the senseless cruelty underlying President Trump’s health care agenda were put to rest last week by two government documents.
Too much anti-Trump judicial overreach could create a crisis.
An ex-president is blissful; the new one is truculent. Even our allies are avoiding Donald’s clutches.
The Cup’s allure has dimmed in recent years, but the thrilling Arsenal-Chelsea final was just what it needed.
Andrew Zhou prepares an unusual concoction for us.
As more police departments adopt body-worn cameras, they are seeing ways to use the technology as a counterpoint to narratives about officer misconduct.
Investors’ relentless emphasis on the bottom line is fueling consumer frustration, and even episodes of air rage.
A short article outlining the federal government&#8217;s desire to control private and public discourse during World War One.
By playing in different eras, the outspoken James and the follow-the-rules Jordan are like apples and oranges.
Jeff Chen and Seth Geltman assure us that everything’s great.
A fond memory of an unloved stretch of road.
It is unclear how Jared Kushner’s high-profile woes will affect his hard-won partnership with his father-in-law, perhaps the most stable in an often unstable White House.
The penultimate episode brings a shadow reality in the form of a dream.
The North has recently test-fired missiles based on a technology that would give the United States little warning of an attack. And they seem to work.
Nello Ferrara was being groomed to take the reins of a famed confectioner, but chose to cobble together a decade-long career with 19 minor league teams.
Futilely resisting a corrupt world is not a matter of common sense, but of conscience.
Before Obamacare, insurers often labeled minor maladies pre-existing conditions. Republican health care bills could return us to those days.
In the 1960s, two groups of Americans, thinking they were acting patriotically, went to war with each other.
Risking the planet to keep a lie alive.
Republicans in the age of Trump have sadly moved away from morality as a viable concept.
Generals want up to 5,000 more troops for a conflict which was supposed to have ended years ago.
The push to achieve new and exciting findings is one reason researchers are having trouble confirming prior studies.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig’s disease, still has no cure.
The mainland authorities have never leveled that charge against someone from Taiwan before, and his formal arrest adds a new strain to tensions between Beijing and Taipei.
When you lose the people you love, you mark the loss over and over in the celebrations they don’t get to celebrate.
Mayor Bill de Blasio does not want to discuss the curious network of power brokers behind an event that the city paid for.
Waves of Asian, African and Latino newcomers have filled jobs at pork, egg and turkey plants where wages have fallen and work has grown more grueling.
Growing numbers of computer science students are getting caught plagiarizing code, either from classmates or from someplace on the web.
New to America, and having trouble getting a train ticket.
Investigators are examining whether Jared Kushner was seeking a direct line to the Russian president in a December meeting with the head of a bank with Kremlin ties.
Neville Fogarty tips his hat to our greatest solving partners.
Mr. Noriega, known for drug ties and double-dealing with Washington, was unseated in 1989 in what was then the largest American military action since Vietnam.
What did you learn about Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche from this article? Rick Best? Micah David-Cole Fletcher?
Why has the Alamo Drafthouse come up with this event? What has been the public’s reaction?
Which of these three houses would you most want to live in? Why?
It should follow the examples of more radical groups.
The Supreme Court needs to set limits on how lawmakers draw district lines to gain partisan advantage.
The president believed that the networks were peddling lies and biased reporting to undermine America’s efforts in Vietnam.
All his life he’s served his father or father-in-law. But Kushner is ill-served now by an approach that focuses on tight and exclusive blood bonds.
A university with a long history of exclusion is enrolling more low-income students than just a few years ago.
A book by Omar Havana chronicles Nepal&#8217;s recovery effort after a 2015 earthquake devastated the country and killed thousands.
New research suggests that preschoolers who are exposed to formal math and reading lessons come out ahead. But some experts and parents are skeptical.
Stockton inspired Leonard Gardner’s acclaimed 1969 novel. On the streets with him now, it’s clear much has changed. But boxing endures.
We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fourth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. Here, an essay by Matteo Wong, age 16.
Our living arrangement is called bird nesting: After a divorce, the children stay in the family home while the parents take turns moving in and out.
Tuesday: Teaching children about Sept. 11, remembering Raymond Pfeifer, and advice for summer interns.
The end point of hardening American fracture is violence.
A commemorative liquor bottle smuggled out of China has circled the globe in time for an anniversary vigil in Hong Kong, even as the men behind it await trial.
As a top White House aide announced his resignation, four possible successors declined to be considered, according to an associate of the president.
The HUD secretary Ben Carson said that the “wrong mind-set” leads to poverty. But research suggests cause and effect go the opposite way.
For a couple who reads aloud to each other, our columnist suggests titles with standout voices.
A lining made of milk, syrup shipped in mushrooms, and other innovations are in the works.
A branch of Tim Ho Wan and a chef from Din Tai Fung set up in Manhattan.
A double punch of unseasonably warm winter weather and an ill-timed freeze has devastated crops in Georgia and South Carolina.
Students at two Maryland schools write about hate speech and the killing of Richard Collins III.
The best of our nation materialized against the worst on a fateful commute in Oregon.
It was a dizzying 48 hours of activity among the upper echelons of European soccer, but Arsenal was not yet ready for a change at the top.
A pony-riding quest for speed and glory in Britain.
Seeking to dispel any concerns about his inexperience, Emmanuel Macron has shown himself as more decisive than the candidate he evoked in the campaign.
Two women learn a bit about each other.
Sewald’s fastball barely registers above 90 miles per hour, but at every level he has displayed a knack for striking hitters out.
The president has said he will make a decision on whether to withdraw from the landmark Paris Agreement this week, a vexing decision with voices he respects on both sides.
Jacob Stulberg gives us the hook.
Woods’s latest misstep offered him a chance at deliverance by admitting to himself that all is not right in his life and to go about fixing it.
In the show’s next-to-last season finale, the spies’ travel plans change. Twice.
The blast near the Afghan presidential palace and the German Embassy, which killed over 80 and wounded hundreds, spoke volumes to the frustrations of stabilizing the country.
Should parents say “no” more often when their children ask for new things?
Countries rich and poor confront the same diseases, which Michael Bloomberg is upping the fight against.
The Senate should listen to Trump and “add more dollars.”
The president beat up on NATO and walked away, leaving a leadership vacuum for others to fill.
The genetic illness my children and I have may soon be eliminated. But what will be lost with it?
Donald Trump’s bizarre Russian romance might be a little more normal than it seems.
America now has a monarchy in the White House, headed by an emir named Donald.
Though Irving Penn made photographs with his printing process in mind, the most striking aspect of his oeuvre lies in his broad reinterpretation of commercial magazine work from decades earlier.
What would be special about visiting all the 50 states in person?
At some New York schools, beagles and terrier mixes help teach children about empathy and resilience, and offer furry comfort when it’s needed most.
A small town with a range of cultural attractions and upscale restaurants nearby. Homeowners find sophisticated and accomplished neighbors as well.
New research suggests that including mindfulness skills in childbirth education can help first-time mothers cope with fears about the pain of labor.
We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fourth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. Here, an essay by Katherine Leonard, age 16.
Athletes can swim, bike or run faster if they take caffeine before an event — no need to abstain from coffee or Red Bulls for days beforehand.
The former Fox News star, who called her time away from TV “awesome,” will return Sunday with “Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly.”
Wednesday: How to deal with mosquitoes, Jimmy Breslin Way, and tips on ticks.
Both his supporters and his opposition talk about the president as if he’s a strategic genius, despite considerable evidence to the contrary.
Pollsters are leaning toward optimistic explanations that their problems of last year can be fixed.
The president said that at 3 p.m. Thursday, he would announce his decision on whether the United States would honor the landmark climate-change pact.
An updated 1815 house in Charleston; a contemporary home in Bend; and a Queen Anne-style house in Montpelier.
The housing market in Calgary is still recovering from its worst recession in decades, precipitated by weakness in the oil and gas industry.
Maj. Gen. John J. Pershing, commander of the American Expeditionary Force in Europe, was not too busy to request a dozen copies of his cover photo.
The movie, directed by Patty Jenkins and starring Gal Gadot, shakes off branding imperatives with touches of screwball comedy and romantic adventure.
While we might check the weather every morning, these reporters check the Air Quality Index.
An unromantic triangle.
The economic toll of increasing mass transit disruptions is difficult to calculate but clearly huge, as are straphangers’ frustrations.
A luxury district began with the Magnolia cupcake craze. Soon enough, there were six Marc Jacobs shops. And now? Empty storefronts.
The bohemians and aristocrats are gathered in the Sussex countryside in 1914. Guess who’s crashing the party?
Trump’s plan takes numerical dishonesty to a new level as part of an effort to gut Medicaid and other programs while cutting taxes on the rich.
The Australian champion’s comments about gays and same-sex marriage have reignited a debate about her legacy and how tennis should celebrate her.
German companies are economic powers in some areas where President Trump is popular. His vocal complaints about Germany are making those places nervous.
A tender moment amid the tchotchkes.
The testimony about conversations with the president would force Mr. Trump to decide whether to invoke executive privilege to try to stop Mr. Comey from testifying.
Clamping down on engagement with Cuba would allow Mr. Trump to fulfill a campaign pledge to Cuban-Americans, who disproportionately supported him.
Volatile wages, owing in part to undependable schedules, are one factor increasing economic anxiety even with unemployment at a post-recession low.
Derek Bowman and Sarah Keller offer a puzzle that revolves around something very important.
Sleuths like Gloria and Winnie would probably have this case solved if men weren’t constantly getting in the way.
Returning to the city where he once lived, the writer learns to embrace the changes, not all of them pretty.
Have you ever fasted, for religious or any other reason? What was the experience like?
David Chen was a 25-year-old student when he joined protesters in Beijing in 1989. Unlike most of them, he had a camera, a rare luxury in China at the time.
Ethical regulations weren’t written with this sort of administration in mind. Tougher laws are needed to maintain the standards we’ve expected.
The family is so busy, their government and personal interests are a blur.
Is it fair to harbor some hostility toward Comey while still cheering his coming confrontation with Trump?
In the past, Democrats could support progressive policies knowing that the costs would fall largely on Republicans. Not anymore.
How has a “swelling army of street hustlers” affected tourists to New York City who want to visit the Statue of Liberty — or at least see it up close?
Should academic dishonesty be treated differently in computer programming classes than in other subjects?
Back channels during presidential transitions are not unprecedented, but they are always fraught, as President Trump and his son-in-law have discovered.
Thursday: Navigating New York’s waters, exploring the decline of Bleecker Street, and avoiding contaminated beaches.
The Russian president denied any state role, but said that cyberattacks might have been the work of private citizens. “Anything is possible in this virtual world,” Mr. Putin said
This is the third black-hole smashup that astronomers have detected since they started keeping watch on the cosmos back in September 2015.
Remember that whatever state of being that your baby is in at any particular moment, it is not a permanent condition.
The most common food allergen groups were shellfish, fruits or vegetables, dairy and peanuts, in that order.
Patients taking chondroitin did as well as those on a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
The New York Times reporter turned podcast host talks about “The Daily” and the thinking behind The Times’s new daily podcast.
These short, accessible, image-driven posts feature photographs and illustrations from The Times, and invite a variety of written or spoken responses.
The withdrawal process could take four years to complete, meaning a final decision would be up to the American voters in the next presidential election.
The president’s decision to quit the Paris climate accord undercuts the planet’s best hope.
All wines must refresh. For many, that imperative is a minor consideration. For these unpretentious, uncomplicated reds, it’s the primary mission.
German spätleses can walk a knife’s edge, and in this delicate tension lies their beauty. But not everybody sees it that way.
Christopher Plummer plays the exiled German Kaiser Wilhelm II in this melodrama, which unfolds in the Netherlands in the early years of the Second World War.
Here’s what Mr. Trump’s decision on the climate change pact says to the world: America cares little about science, its allies and competitiveness.
A naturally occurring experiment in the field of venture capital suggests there are financial advantages to having a diverse team.
Rebuses are crossword elements where solvers are asked to write more than one letter in a square. Here’s how to do that on your devices.
To the president and the right, it’s all about spite, not economics or science.
Using conflict resolution and social services to keep low-level offenders out of the courts should be the next wave in criminal justice reform.
A bus rider wants a tale to conclude before her stop arrives.
An unnamed group, which includes 30 mayors, three governors, 80 university presidents and over 100 businesses, is negotiating with the United Nations to accept its emissions reduction plan.
The most powerful and ambitious Republican-led Congress in 20 years plans quick action on several priorities — most notably to clear a path for the repeal of President Obama’s health care law.
A strategy that went from a “good war” to the shorthand “Afghan good enough” reflects the president’s coming to terms with what was possible in Afghanistan.
Chuck Deodene puts us in a bubbly mood.
With a friend entering the White House, Vladimir Putin can turn his hacking army on Germany. The history of the Cold War can tell us what to expect.
Witnessing an act of generosity on a rainy day.
In a place of poverty, social ills and fractured families, Raul Mendoza, 69, coach of the Chinle, Ariz., Wildcats, is a source of quiet strength for his young players.
As usual, Noah’s story this week was dour.
The emerging, and dangerous, new form of crony capitalism.
Rule of law is for the little people.
Eric L. Adams, the Brooklyn borough president, says he has reversed his Type 2 diabetes through diet and exercise, without taking medication.
The court ordered the company to pay the plaintiff, identified as Mr. C, 2,000 renminbi in compensation but did not grant his demand for an apology.
Whole body cryotherapy, which began with elite athletes, is going mainstream, but there’s little evidence it helps.
Some say it is hypocritical to continue rejecting former stars like Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens when nonplaying figures from that era have gotten in.
An acquaintance from work shares something astounding about himself at two festive gatherings years apart.
A transformation of the delivery of health care may be an enduring legacy for the president, even as Republicans plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Mr. Trump is already making big mistakes by underestimating his new employees, federal workers.
The move by emboldened Republicans on the eve of a new Congress would strip power and independence from an investigative body and give lawmakers control over ethics inquiries.
A raft of measures meant to balance modernity and tradition will make it easier to unplug from work email, protect the environment and get divorced.
It’s a simple playbook: organize locally and play defense.
Michael Shteyman makes the call.
The pollution in Beijing has been particularly bad recently, and the city has been enveloped in smog for extended periods starting in October.
What do you do to stay happy, productive and cozy during winter? What do you like about this season and what do you dislike?
The next occupant (at least part time) of the White House won’t lead or communicate policy like a normal leader.
After losing three limbs in Afghanistan, a Marine Corps veteran and his wife went through the process of in vitro fertilization treatments to have children.
How B.J. Miller, a doctor and triple amputee, used his own experience to pioneer a new model of palliative care at a small, quirky hospice in San Francisco.
For much of American history, anti-elite sentiment was a matter of up versus down, not left versus right. The 20th century changed that.
The availability of computer-savvy, young, English-speaking job seekers and efficient technology have contributed to the growth in cyberfraud against Americans.
Tuesday: Commuting on the Second Avenue line, a New Year’s Eve jewelry heist, and the first subway ride.
Constant negativity can get in the way of happiness, but with practice, you can learn to disrupt and tame negative cycles.
How does a law school professor’s classroom rule help prepare his students for their careers?
What do you think, or hope, might happen in the world this year?
People who don’t benefit from endurance workouts may get results from interval training, and vice versa, a new study suggests.
Lawmakers, facing a storm of bipartisan criticism, including from President-elect Donald J. Trump, reversed their steps against the Office of Congressional Ethics.
Women with pre-eclampsia had a higher rate of retinal detachment years later.
Ms. Kelly’s departure from Fox News will test her ability to connect with a broader audience, but the most significant implications concern the larger television news industry.
Roland Huget asks a rhetorical question.
Another day, another terrible shooting.
Giddy disbelief settled among fans and around the team during the run to the Premier League championship last season. But months after the fact, the glow is fading.
Owners are increasingly interested in their pets’ intelligence, giving researchers eager recruits in the relatively new field of canine cognition.
As Donald J. Trump’s son-in-law prepares for a White House role, his undisclosed talks with a secretive Chinese company highlight potential conflicts of interest.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including this week’s Spelling Bee.
A plan from Republicans would focus on domestic cash flow instead of corporate income, and could have a huge effect on the path of the economy.
2017 really isn’t 2010.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon seem to be hoping for an early spring.
Russian politicians and commentators dismiss a report outlining what America’s top intelligence agencies view as an elaborate “influence campaign” aimed at skewing the presidential race.
Many companies don’t know that their ads are appearing next to abhorrent content. Tell them.
Those responsible for the much safer city deserve kudos, though there still are hot spots that deserve more attention.
All this talk about Reds makes Trump see red and gives Washington the blues.
The legacy of the war still shapes America, even if most of us are too young to remember it.
“Attachment theory“ finds new resonance in the age of smartphones.
Neglected black cemeteries deserve the same level of care that their Confederate counterparts get.
Change is coming to The New York Times. What will it mean for readers? The public editor sat down with the executive editor to find out.
Peter Broda and Erik Agard boil things down for us.
An alliance with Donald J. Trump has paid off for Mr. Sessions in a fashion that few who know him ever imagined: Within days, he could be confirmed as attorney general.
The musical “La La Land” won a record seven awards, “Moonlight” won for best picture, drama, and Meryl Streep forcefully criticized Donald J. Trump.
Mexico already faces rising crime and a sluggish economy. Now it is bracing for Donald J. Trump’s threatened crackdown on immigration and trade.
The play, by Keith A. Wallace, follows an African-American boy, Jamel, who from childhood on learns to keep his head up.
Neville Fogarty reminds us of a basic rule of hygiene.
It’s going to take some finesse to gussy up the fact that Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens would arrive at the Hall laden with suspicions of drug use.
As the state’s attorney general, his main concerns were that Alabamians weren’t being executed fast enough, or for enough types of crimes.
Recalling a special moment with a neighborhood fixture.
As attorney-general confirmation hearings begin for a man the Senate considered too racist to be a federal judge, Democrats must put up a real fight.
In a 2006 essay, Mr. Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, outlined the politically disruptive potential of technology. Hillary Clinton’s loss might be a realization of his vision.
The deepening partnership between Russia and Turkey could marginalize the United States in the struggle to shape Syria’s future.
Cate Blanchett stars in this Sydney Theater Company production of a Chekhov work, which features an eruption of runaway hedonism at a birthday party.
Noah hit the rockiest of rock bottoms in Sunday night’s “The Affair.”
After a trip to sunny Miami raised eyebrows, the Giants’ receivers landed with a thud in chilly Green Bay.
Why the Trump-Putin economy isn’t like Obama’s.
The idea of the “human” has brought us human rights, but it’s not enough to ensure justice.
The people who stand to lose most are Trump supporters.
The “mom in chief” charmed late-night hosts and hula-hooped with kids, but she wasn’t her full self in public.
Hyping the trivial obscures reality.
Choosing where you rest your head is a story of falling in love and knowing yourself.
Is Cal a spoiled brat who ruined one of the biggest days of his father’s life, or a true American hero who saw his opportunity and seized it?
What are the motivations behind international phone scams?
For those people who are alarmed by Mr. Trump’s rhetoric and expressed values, what is the proper response?
Jonathan Schlesinger, the author of “A World Trimmed With Fur,” discusses the Qing dynasty’s resource management and its influence on conservation in modern China.
Should The Times have added a note to an updated story? And was a child’s taunt truly populist — or was it just plain old bigotry?
Incentives abound as New York City landlords cope with a softening market.
This short documentary shows a mother’s efforts to manage her daughter’s daily struggle with a life-threatening condition: Type I diabetes.
Even if you thought you’d had enough of card-hopping, you might consider grabbing one of those eye-popping sign-up bonuses.
Friday: A lesson on snowflakes, a winter weather advisory, and the governor’s State of the State speeches.
The hormone melatonin is hugely popular as a natural sleep aid. But is it safe?
We knew miscarriage was common. But why wasn’t there anything people did when it happened?
Droughts caused by global warming have left southern Africa starved for food.
These Scandinavian morsels are just about the most perfect thing you could make on a cold, wet evening.
U.S. intelligence agencies presented their unanimous conclusions to Donald J. Trump, bringing the leaders of these agencies face to face with their most vocal skeptic, the president-elect.
Donald Trump only thought he got rid of her.
Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.
The shutdown has been a long-held priority for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has said the plant poses too great a risk to New York City, less than 30 miles to the south.
His attacks on the agency aren’t just bad for the agency. They threaten our national security.
When the macroeconomic situation changes, I change my policy recommendations. What do you do?
Intelligence officials said President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia turned from seeking to “denigrate” Hillary Clinton to developing “a clear preference” for President-elect Donald J. Trump.
The action in this piece at the Under the Radar festival unfolds both on a screen and below it, as you watch illusion-makers work with video, shadow puppets and scrims.
Can rugby tacklers teach N.F.L. players how to improve their behavior?
Some of Mr. Trump’s wealthy nominees are trying to do an end-run around federal conflict of interest rules.
Lurking inside the bland smartphone is a fire hose of peculiarity that can be blasted open whenever you choose.
Learning to make maqluba — a dish of meat, vegetables and spiced rice — in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
A Senate committee heard from intelligence officials at a hearing on cyberthreats as President-elect Donald J. Trump has continued to question foreign involvement in the election.
A trip up the Thames to see a centuries-old custom and, perhaps, find out what it means to call a country home.
Approved in 2015, stipends are meant to help pay for the full cost of attending college, and athletes make the most of them, often sending the money home.
The president of Talladega College issued a statement arguing, in essence, that the presidential inauguration is about something bigger than Donald J. Trump.
With the emergence of new ideas about the fluidity of gender identity, do single-sex schools still make sense?
The risk for hearing loss was nearly two and a half times as high in those who were deficient in iron.
Thursday: How to define a New York identity, snow on the way, and taxis by the numbers.
I know what it’s like “to stand on the side of a road in your own country, watching the shiny vehicles filled with important people, encased in air conditioning, as they speed by.”
While parents sometimes impose guidelines, the most important ones are those that children make. They are often unspoken and can be dizzying.
Parents should feed babies foods containing peanut powders or peanut butter at 6 months or even earlier as a way to help avoid peanut allergies.
Violent crime was a major factor pushing people out of cities a few decades ago. Now its decline appears to be inviting them back in.
The Times offered $100 to the reader who could write a better motto than, “All the News That’s Fit to Print,” then decided that no one could.
In this lesson plan, students develop analytical thinking skills by taking a critical look at health reporting while weighing reliability and relative significance.
The cuisines of two nations coexist nicely in the arepas, empanadas and chipa at a new restaurant in Woodside.
Four of Green Bay’s seven playoff eliminations under Coach Mike McCarthy have come in overtime, and a fifth was on a last-second field goal.
An office party, a violent illness and a medical mystery solved.
In a hearing, top intelligence officials and senators of both parties pushed back forcefully in a display that seemed directed solely at President-elect Donald J. Trump.
The married performers Shaun and Abigail Bengson fall in love and contemplate mortality in this concert-style memoir at the Under the Radar festival.
The play, by the company 600 Highwaymen, incorporates audience members to deliver a meditation on human connection.
New Jersey lawmakers objected to the amount allocated for a new bus terminal, while airport projects backed by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York were approved.
An exchange between parent and child about a ubiquitous Manhattan odor.
From political circles in New York City to cocktail parties on Capitol Hill, two of the biggest untethered threads in New York politics are being drawn together around a single question.
Macy’s and Sears have recently announced numerous closings, reflecting a climate in which online and discount retailers have outmaneuvered them.
Why is he trying to undermine organizations meant to keep the country safe?
Jacob Stulberg shoots us to outer space.
China’s toxic air has drawn attention to a Chinese surgeon’s poem that takes the viewpoint of a hungry lung cancer reveling in the “delicious mist and haze.”
At state schools, micromanaging legislators pose a much greater danger than political correctness.
A hostile foreign power got its way.
Sory Sanlé, a West African photographer, once burned his negatives thinking no one was interested in “old stuff.” A French producer thought otherwise, helping him save his work in preparation for a major retrospective.
A packed week in politics lies ahead, with Senate hearings, the president’s farewell speech and — maybe — a news conference from the president-elect.
Activists and homeless people are waging public campaigns and court fights against local laws that ban urban camping, as some politicians urge a “zero tolerance” policy.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Moderation in our digital world should be the hallmark of a healthy relationship with technology.
Monday: The governor’s annual address, jazz as a form of protest, and gubernatorial trivia.
The plant, with a capacity corresponding to about a fourth of the power consumed by New York City and Westchester County, will be shut down by April 2021, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said.
“The emotional nature of the treatment decision may be important in explaining high and sometimes heroic end-of-life health care spending.”
How interested are you in entertainment industry awards and the ceremonies at which they are given?
The receivers’ ill-advised boat trip and mental and other errors in Sunday’s game were just signs of the Giants’ inexperience and immaturity.
Graham Kerr, now 82, recalls a life of big leaps, from irreverent indulgence to health zealotry to, finally, moderation.
FIFA will be accused of trying to fix something that isn’t broken, and the details may prove tricky, but every confederation will benefit by expansion in some way.
The move cements Mr. Kushner’s role as a powerful and at times decisive influence on Mr. Trump, his father-in-law.
Conversations surrounding the march on Jan. 21, the day after Donald J. Trump’s inauguration, are alienating some women even as organizers stress unity and inclusion.
This show is a jaunty foray into a little-known footnote in American military history.
A driver makes up for a hasty departure with a quick trip around the block.
Though it’s premature to pick a front-runner for the next presidential race, there is reason to speculate about a possible bid by the governor of New York.
Federal agents arrested Oliver Schmidt, a top Volkswagen official now charged in the emissions scandal, as he prepared to depart Miami for Germany on Saturday night.
David Poole is playing games with us.
The No. 2 Tigers scored a touchdown in the final seconds to defeat No. 1 Alabama and avenge a loss in last year’s title game.
What’s the story behind this photo? Use your imagination to write the opening of a short story or news report inspired by this image.
The larger battle is over whether the Republican Party as a whole will become an ethno-populist party.
Unless we realize how vulnerable our democracy is, we are playing into the hands of foreign aggressors like Vladimir Putin.
Mitch McConnell used to be demanding when it came to presidential nominees. How times have changed.
Democrats are off to a decent start, but they can do more. So can you.
As the Senate races to confirm Mr. Trump’s nominees, wealthy nominees with potential business conflicts have not made adequate financial disclosures.
For American planners, 1967 was going to be the year that military might turned the tide in Vietnam. The Communists had other ideas.
Although easier access to digital equipment led to a surge of local photographers in Africa, it has yet to result in more opportunities for aspiring photojournalists.
What happens when a Times reporter attempts to eliminate added sugar for a month?
The move, pushed by the group’s president as a chance to increase fan engagement, is expected to bring an additional $1 billion every four years.
Economists lament the ways that physical currency enables tax avoidance and crime. But for most people, cash offers an increasingly rare form of freedom.
How will you remember Barack Obama, as both a man and a leader?
Cultivating real diversity can be hard. America’s institutions often turn to an easier tactic: faking it.
He has the names of more than a million supposed drug dealers and corrupt officials in the Philippines. In this violent new drug war, who is determining who dies?
Mr. Sessions offered assurances that he would be an independent attorney general and a check on President-elect Donald J. Trump.
Tuesday: A new home for the famous conifer, a lecture for dog enthusiasts, and Wi-Fi on the subway.
Americans have been duped by a showman. But to unseat him, liberals must reckon with how they lost sight of their country.
Have you been following the news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.
After beating Alabama, 35-31, on Monday night, the Tigers are national champions for the first time in 35 years. “It was just a matter of time,” the quarterbacks coach Brandon Streeter said.
Because the logic of the issue won’t allow it.
Privatization is being portrayed as a surefire way to deliver better services for less public money, but a body of economics suggests this belief is false.
Meryl Streep called Donald Trump out for making fun of a disabled reporter. Times coverage of her speech seemed to let him off the hook.
When Juliet Huddy rebuffed advances by Mr. O’Reilly, he tried to derail her career, according to a draft of a letter from her lawyers obtained by The New York Times.
Behavior like Rose’s mysterious absence on Monday tends to spring up in organizations when the negligence comes from the top down.
Chefs and bakers are embracing the bumpy, nutty and fragrant breads of northern Europe.
We are thrilled to announce that we have begun to enable HTTPS on NYTimes.com, an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers and ensures the authenticity of our content.
In discs and cubes, the team behind Estela constructs dishes as intriguing (and satisfying) as the art on display.
Vague promises are not enough when we are considering enormous changes in our $3 trillion medical economy.
Taking drugs like Pepcid, Tagamet, Prilosec and Nexium during pregnancy may increase the risk of asthma in offspring.
In this autobiographical show, written by and starring David Deblinger, the actor explores his filial relationship and plays a cast of characters.
The material was considered so potentially explosive that the intelligence agencies decided that the president and the president-elect needed to be told and that the agencies were actively investigating it.
Watching what happens after a man commits a laundromat faux pas.
Based on ballots made public, Posada, the stalwart catcher of four Yankees title teams, has not received the level of support he’ll need to stay in consideration for enshrinement.
Peter A. Collins goes serpentine.
What offbeat or unique interests do you have now, or did you have as a child?
Should it be a company's responsibility to make social media and other distracting phone apps unworkable when they are used in a moving car?
A critical mass of our interactions has moved to a realm where we’re all connected but no one’s in charge.
Donald Trump’s cheeriest defender is a political wonder.
A few more sensible members of the party are now trying to slow down this runaway train.
I found that my daily routine is less subject to scrutiny if I simply describe it as health maintenance.
At Johns Hopkins Hospital, a simple checklist virtually erased a disparity in treatment between men and women.
A major retrospective of the work of Ming Smith, a member of the Kamoinge collective, showcases images that summon up dreamlike states that tease out complex emotions and ideas.
What was life like for three black female mathematicians working for NASA during the early 1960s?
The West Point graduate and chairwoman of the U.S. Military Academy Board of Visitors on why it’s not a “social experiment” to work alongside L.G.B.T. people.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to report a doctor who gives many of her patients the same diagnosis and whether to help a daughter’s boyfriend with his college debts.
Do you get lost easily? Or, can you usually find your way around a new place without much trouble?
New research shows they shared many behaviors that we long believed to be uniquely human. Why did science get them so wrong?
The crackle and aromas from your fireplace offer a warm moment of mindfulness this winter.
Compressing your workouts into one or two days a week can still have substantial benefits.
Wednesday: A new crew of electric garbage carts, City Bike safety lights, and women barred from smoking.
In a meeting in Chicago, a fear that their advice will be ignored — and that the new administration’s policies could court economic disaster.
Social democracy is dying in Britain.
Increasing tribalism goes beyond perceptions of news; it imperils the government’s ability to function and democracy itself, researchers say.
Mr. Trump will hand his business empire to a trust controlled by his oldest sons, a move the director of the Office of Government Ethics said was not enough.
When parents talk about sex with their teenagers, they tend to view boys as playing offense and girls playing defense.
“And how can the national debt be up by 88 percent while the federal deficit is down by 58 percent?” Patricia Cohen, a Times reporter, explains.
In countries in Africa, Asia and the Caribbean, the expansion was seen as an opportunity for smaller federations to play on the world stage someday.
Fans seeking matches in the opening days of the season have been confounded by changes in the WTA tour’s streaming and television platforms.
Backed by President Obama, Mr. Holder will lead the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, a group aimed at breaking the Republican Party’s grip on the congressional map.
A Danish study found that routine mammograms do not reduce the incidence of advanced tumors, and can lead to overdiagnosis.
We pair a Times article about the historical resonance of Europe’s refugee crisis with an excerpt from “Defying the Nazis” that chronicles one American couple’s relief and rescue mission in 1939.
Aging can shrink the brain, but older men and women who ate a Mediterranean-style diet had less loss of brain volume than those not following the diet.
Some in Hollywood see a double standard in the awards season treatment of Casey Affleck and Nate Parker.
Realizing that a piece of fruit could be a temporary psychological balm.
After years of attacking Obamacare they still aren’t ready to repeal it. They’re about to do so anyway.
This is the puzzle that Ed Sessa built.
What is maximal deformation, or “pancake bouncing”?
What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to your own life?
Augment your outrage with actions that are affirming.
As allegiances shift, neither Republicans nor Democrats are really sure.
Republicans plan to replace Obamacare with TBD.
People in red counties resent the attention cities get — and don’t care for liberals.
It’s here and it can’t be canceled for four years.
The country is making an effort to build, expand and renovate 100,000 toilets in scenic areas and along tourist routes.
Poulomi Basu, a documentary photographer and journalist, has trekked through western Nepal&#8217;s dense wilderness to find women exiled to makeshift huts during their menstrual cycles.
This acknowledgment is also an invitation for readers to share the experiences that produced their hardest-won wisdom.
Dan Barry, whose “This Land” column explores obscure and well-known corners of the United States, reflects on his collaboration with the photographer Ángel Franco.
Is the current standard of proof that must be met fair to students?
Responses to common reader criticisms about incarceration, drug addiction, and breastfeeding.
President Obama made a rare trip to Capitol Hill to defend the Affordable Care Act, as the Republican-led Congress took the first step toward undoing significant parts of it.
Nothing much happens in this Under the Radar festival play about mellow headbangers by Philippe Quesne. But it’s a wonderful nothing.
The onus is on the president-elect to prove he’s not Putin’s puppet.
You don’t know what you’ve got till it’s gone.
Health policy involves major trade-offs. So far, Donald J. Trump has declined to specify what his might be.
Other news outlets had the material, but the contents, which contained inflammatory accusations against the president-elect, are unverified.
A poem about days passed outside the house.
Meet the luckiest victim in the world.
Asked to address serious ethical questions, the president-elect instead offers a television spectacle.
Nothing seems to faze the rookie quarterback, who will lead Dallas against the Green Bay Packers in a divisional playoff game Sunday.
Joe Krozel makes a puzzle just for me.
By a 51-48 vote, the Senate approved a budget blueprint Thursday that would allow Republicans to gut the law without the threat of a filibuster.
As a society, are we too addicted to our devices? Are you personally “hooked” on your smartphone?
Microsoft, Facebook, Google and Amazon used their PACs to support Republican Congressional candidates more than Democratic ones in 2016.
The authorities are making progress in restricting a website as a medium for sex trafficking.
The F.D.A.’s policy for men who have sex with men is outdated and should be rescinded.
Xyza Bacani — a former domestic worker — has documented the plight of illegally trafficked workers in Singapore, making their voices heard.
A prison program in Kansas allowed the parents of a college student killed by a drunken driver to meet the man who had upended their lives.
The numbers show a strong economy in 2016. Will Trump really make good on his pledges to the people who elected him in the coming year?
A young boy lets his parents know he has a different line in mind.
Robert Lighthizer shares a view with the president-elect that the United States has prioritized the ideal of free trade over its own self-interest.
A G.O.P. plan to gut an ethics office fell apart, but it revealed to an outraged public that Republicans never intended to drain the swamp.
Samuel Donaldson makes us say “Ah.”
In six months as manager, Conte has transformed the club, which will be playing for a record 14th consecutive Premier League victory on Wednesday.
What draws you to a room so you want to enter and stay for a while?
And why, despite discovering dark matter, she didn’t win one.
The law is leading a health care transformation even Republicans like.
Remembering what makes us human is how to show economic value in the age of smarter and smarter machines.
Democrats restricted the tactic in 2013, when they were the majority. Now Republicans may undermine it more.
What animal fascinates you the most? Whether it is a species you encounter daily, or something you have only observed in zoos or online, what interests you about it?
Like the failed coup in July and the assassination of Russia’s ambassador in December, the New Year’s Day nightclub massacre is suspected of being a C.I.A. plot.
China has banned access to Twitter, but it is the country that President-elect Donald J. Trump seems to most enjoy taunting on his personal feed.
What could happen to the Affordable Care Act? Can Democrats block Mr. Trump’s appointees to the cabinet or to the Supreme Court?
The author and Georgetown professor on police brutality, telling white people the truth and why charity isn’t a substitute for justice.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to reveal a former spouse’s hidden sexuality, how to approach a mother about suspected dementia and more.
The state’s Democratic-led Legislature decided to retain Mr. Holder to represent it in any legal fights against the new Republican White House.
After a maker of surveillance software was hacked, its leaked documents shed light on a shadowy global industry that has turned email theft into a terrifying — and lucrative — political weapon. 
Giant tech companies are usually challenged by start-ups. But with no obvious upstart competitors, it may be governments that pose the biggest threat.
Taking cholesterol-lowering statins seemed to make exercise more difficult and less beneficial, a new study in mice suggests.
The temptation for financial experts to offer stock tips is almost irresistible, but history shows why taking them is a bad idea.
As the House’s overreach falters, an illustration of the ways in which a president-elect’s outsider ideas could openly clash with party priorities on Capitol Hill.
Wednesday: Lesser known holidays, a ruckus at the Rockettes, and the subway’s most crowded day.
Everyday activities like brushing your teeth or drinking coffee are opportunities to be present and mindful.
Congratulations to the winners of the Mega Crossword Puzzle contest, and thank you to all who entered.
When men take so-called pink-collar jobs, they have more job security but they also feel stigmatized.
A growing number of small producers in Italy are using only domestic durum wheat, for its flavor and for bragging rights.
Pankaj Mishra and Leslie Jamison discuss whether writers can ever truly put aside their own prejudices and interpretations.
Fast-casual food outlets are creating a new class of servers to give waiting customers a more human touch.
The mess over a congressional ethics office reflects the muck of his own behavior.
. . . what would it be? Send your nominations to the public editor, who is sitting down with Dean Baquet this week to talk about the changes ahead.
At their second outlet, in Oakland, two lauded chefs aim to improve local health and more. But the food needs improving, too.
The cookbook author and essayist, who has a cult following in Britain, writes about our relationship to food, with all its pleasures and complications.
What did Mr. Trump concede about Russia for the first time on Wednesday? What did he reject? What did he sidestep? Why is this such important news?
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than the man who turned “The Real Housewives” into an empire.
Most sports fans won’t admit it, but they’re probably bandwagoners, too.
Which destination on this year’s Travel section’s Places to Go list would you most want to visit?
The only thing better than a classic is two.
Experts try to help children balance the whimsy and freedom of a wandering mind with the rigidity of a prepared one.
Finding refuge from Washington’s quotidian intrigues — and how to get close to the political spectacle.
Thursday: Dr. King’s inspiration from our city, how to celebrate his legacy, and why he was named an honorary New Yorker.
One result of the hearings: Some of the nominees disagree with President-Elect Donald J. Trump on a few issues, especially concerning Russia.
How do you celebrate and teach the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr., both on the holiday that celebrates his birth, and all year long?
Alarmed by the suggestion that peanut-containing food be deliberately fed to infants, some parents are lashing out on social media.
Along with Vocabulary.com, our collaborators for Word of the Day, we invite you to create a short video that defines or teaches any of the words in our now over 1600-word strong collection.
A vigorous 81-year-old began to feel lightheaded and nearly faint at random times, but she didn’t know why.
As one would-be controversy rapidly succeeds another, it’s clear that there’s only so much the news media and the public can focus on at once.
Many doctors never consider that their patients made the right decision to leave A.M.A.
Arthur Blank, the Atlanta Falcons owner and Home Depot co-founder, has committed millions of dollars to a neighborhood ravaged by poverty. But critics say it’s still a raw deal.
The soon-to-be ex-president connected the economic disruptions caused by technology to a rise in political polarization.
It’s window dressing, meant to conceal his deepening conflicts of interest.
The correspondent Farnsworth Fowle captured the fury of a white mob in 1957 when nine black children arrived to integrate an Arkansas high school.
An opinion columnist, Mr. Rosenthal gives his take on the Trump presidency, cabinet confirmation process and Barack Obama’s “transformational presidency.”
A northwestern China specialty is drawing crowds, sometimes demanding, to a stall in Chelsea Market.
The president entered office with a vision for a cosmopolitan foreign policy. Then he encountered drones, Syria and a growing wave of illiberalism.
Eating red meat increased the risk for diverticulitis, a painful inflammation of the digestive tract.
Moderately priced bottles to drink with long braises, roasted meats and stews simmering on the stove.
The department’s inspector general will look into James B. Comey’s hotly debated decision to inform Congress about a new review of the Hillary Clinton email case.
What it was like to travel with Nicholas Kristof and report on poverty.
It may be a compelling slogan, but greatness isn’t easily captured, and it surely involves more than accumulating dollars.
Dr. Paul Kalanithi’s book shows we need more doctors who assimilate the humanities and more artists who assimilate the science of medicine.
The innovative chef and restaurateur Anita Lo says she can’t keep up with rising costs.
The unexpected change to a policy unique to Cubans has long been sought by the Cuban government.
Does being hit by a Cadillac while playing slapball lead to an automatic timeout? Well, it was the ’50s.
Donald Trump’s pick to run the Pentagon may become a strong counterweight to an impulsive and uninformed commander in chief.
Andrew J. Ries starts our solving weekend with a lively puzzle.
A surge in homelessness, and criticism of Mayor Bill de Blasio’s handling of it, has become one of the visible and vexing issues of his first three years in office.
Magical thinking won’t work on health care.
In the combustible Wednesday news conference, the skills of a talented charlatan were on display.
There’s psychology as well as economics in a consumer-based system.
Physical barriers won’t do the job, but recent agreements allowing armed U.S. customs agents to screen travelers and cargo in Canada and Mexico will.
The scientific consensus that all calories are equally fattening is outdated and dangerous.
Not yet. The legislative process that has begun could have big impacts. But there are many steps that remain before any law changes.
Why are Trump supporters from both political parties largely unconcerned about the current controversies swirling around the president-elect?
What interesting or memorable things have you ever seen in nature?
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
What hidden dangers are caused by the popular, fun-looking toy?
Readers respond.
That film image of Ms. Monroe’s skirt rising high in a gust of air? It’s a reshoot of a discarded and more risqué scene seldom seen until now.
The former Army intelligence analyst who disclosed files to WikiLeaks hopes to be allowed to move ahead with her gender reassignment and her life.
Living above a bar in New York City can be a blessing or a curse.
Our need for certainty can lead us to make judgments regardless of facts, or to close our minds to new information.
Scandals aside, most of Wells Fargo’s products have been mediocre at best — but the bank could mend fences by being more generous, fair and clear.
It is often said that people die “with” Parkinson’s rather than “of” the disease.
By merging our lives and raising our children together, we built a sense of home bigger than the four walls of our individual houses.
Friday: Recreating the star’s subway grate scene, a rare cat flu, and celebrating Hamilton’s birthday.
Hurtling into a love fest with Putin would be calamitous. Russia responds to toughness and Trump must show it or NATO and the E.U. could unravel.
Even programs at prestigious universities like Harvard may not care enough about whether their degrees are worth the cost.
A new exhibit at the Bronx Documentary Center looks at the many social justice movements whose supporters took to New York’s streets between 1980 and 2000.
“We’re bracing for the invasion tonight. I’ll be on the roof of the cbs compound attempting to keep the radio link open.” Could this be 1992? Yes, if you’re in Somalia.
City and federal officials have agreed to a series of reforms the Police Department will make to address the problems detailed in a scathing report.
Separate riffs on the campfire classic will be sold in different parts of the country.
A wild week, especially in Washington, prompts readers to take to their keyboards.
No need to settle for plain steamed vegetables when you can brighten them with garlic, red pepper and lemon, or enrich them with butter or cheese.
She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow.
The vote on a budget blueprint sets Congress on a course to fulfill a Republican promise to rescind the Affordable Care Act, President Obama’s signature domestic achievement.
A Republican bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act would roll back elements of the law but wouldn’t erase the whole thing.
How donating a vital organ to a fellow “news nerd” helped a Times data journalist overcome postelection Twitter fatigue and gain a better understanding of robot p.r.
As part of an effort to win over millennials, nearly all underground stations now have cell service and Wi-Fi, but some riders wonder how it will change etiquette rules.
The 2017 State of the State book is chock-full of proposals. What is real, and what is the governor merely asking us to imagine?
Mr. Carson has curried the favor of white conservatives by his refusal to challenge institutional racism in housing and education.
Food stamps are supposed to help improve nutrition for the poor, but a study shows that, just like everyone else, food stamp users buy soda and junk food.
Andrew Kingsley tells us where his seeds are strewn.
By demonizing the news media, the president-elect threatens to undermine aggressive, responsible journalism that seeks to hold government accountable.
Tensions across the country prompted the president to abandon his early reticence on race again and again.
Build he won’t.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
If confirmed by the Senate, Mr. Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career.
A place to discuss Fred Piscop’s Split Decisions.
If I don’t have health insurance so I can manage my Parkinson’s disease, it’s likely the government will end up paying more for my care.
Trump has taken a page from Putin’s playbook on dealing with the news media. Here’s how to avoid getting lost in the fog.
A dossier has been circulating in Washington that’s completely unsubstantiated and yet also plausible.
Americans will miss both the character and eloquence of the president, who leaves a legacy of solid accomplishment despite bitter partisan opposition.
Comedy and tragedy: Judd Apatow takes on the tweeter in chief, while scarfing down Oreos.
We can’t create a more just nation simply by dressing up institutions in more shades of brown. Now we must confront structural racism.
His success elated us. But then we spent eight years worrying for his life.
Dominant American culture has long stereotyped Asian-American men as not masculine. Why is Steve Harvey joining in now?
Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.
In which Joel Fagliano teaches us a thing or two.
The Packers quarterback’s celebrity is a source of unmitigated joy everywhere in Chico, Calif., except in what used to be his innermost circle.
Dion Lewis had a receiving touchdown, a rushing touchdown and a kick-return touchdown, a feat never before achieved in the N.F.L. playoffs, but two fumbles left him stewing.
Prior versions were seen as predatory and eventually vanquished. The newer kind are more customer-friendly, but consumer watchdogs remain wary.
John Wrenholt gives of himself completely.
A woman departs from her usual practice when a newsstand vendor tries to strike up a conversation.
Many blacks say the president-elect’s criticism of the civil rights leader shows a lack of understanding of the reverence with which they view the civil rights movement.
Things aren’t so happy though, despite the nice brownstone, and the return of Quinn.
A revival of Martin McDonagh’s play features Marie Mullen as the mother, Mag; almost 20 years ago she played Maureen, Mag’s daughter.
“The Affair” got back to Montauk with an Alison-and-Cole episode.
A longtime tennis writer looks at the sport and sees some ways it can improve.
The patriotic case for frankness about a tainted election.
Since his death, the civil rights leader has been appropriated for all sorts of causes.
As opioid abuse rises, so does the number of children in foster care.
In an interview seven days before leaving office, Mr. Obama talked about the role books have played during his presidency and throughout his life.
Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.
Nearly one in five Americans now lives in a state where terminally ill patients may legally choose to end their lives with prescriptions from a doctor.
Take your medical news and recommendations with a dose of healthy skepticism, especially regarding nutrition.
Facing federal and state inquiries surrounding his fund-raising practices, Mayor Bill de Blasio has shifted his re-election strategies.
Listings for most fast-growing jobs use feminine language, which has been statistically shown to deter men.
When insomnia persists, it can wreak physical, emotional and social havoc.
A win over the Cowboys revitalizes Titletown.
Having made contradictory comments, President-elect Donald J. Trump has many nations wondering about his policies. But there’s also a sense that his words should not be taken too literally.
This enchanting, unclassifiable show swings freely between political commentary and surrealistic comedy.
A famous band leader happens to be in the crowd at a retirement party at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
The president’s terrible record on clemency has gotten better, but pardon grants remain abysmally low.
Timothy Polin offers us a sentimental tribute puzzle.
In long-awaited remarks, the British prime minister emphasized regaining control of immigration, even if it means losing E.U. trading advantages.
Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder can lead to physical, social and psychological impairments.
Adaptability and tenacity helped poorly equipped Vietcong forces resist the onslaught of Operation Cedar Falls, despite horrific losses.
The Catholic writer and the boxer never met, but they shared an abiding belief that all religions contain vital truths.
Barack Obama ranks with Reagan as an impactful president, and Republicans won’t be able to reverse the changes easily.
A repeal-and-delay of Obamacare would be a “total disaster” for the individual insurance market.
We’re living with exactly the kinds of injustices that lead to carnival culture, and we’ve crowned a fool king.
Max Baucus, the ambassador to China, and five others told Congress in an open letter that the United States should not cede its position in Asia-Pacific trade to China.
Have you ever thought about growing old? What do you want to be doing when you are 65 or older?
Stashed in a relative’s shed in upstate New York for decades, the work of William T. Clarke sheds light on the heyday of logging in Pennsylvania.
Why have some members of Congress announced that they will not attend Donald Trump’s inauguration?
Over eight years, through millions of letters, the staff of the White House mailroom read the unfiltered story of a nation.
The vice president looks back — and forward.
To what degree do you identify with President Obama’s description of the role reading books played in his presidency?
Rodriguez’s performance as a catcher should put him in the Hall of Fame on the first ballot — but there’s that Canseco book.
A food traveler went back to the Caribbean island amid growing recognition for its cuisine. That wasn’t the only draw.
In February, the snow-globe town of Camden, Me., holds the U.S. National Toboggan Championships. The Olympics it is not. But my family braved the chute.
Tuesday: Cellphone connectivity underground, Trump’s home for sale, and ride-hailing apps.
In America, there is always a domestic political reason for not doing the right thing on Israel-Palestine.
Have you been following the news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.
We associate presidents with eras — and eras with strong or weak economies. But the reality is more complicated.
The Supreme Court is about to hear Lee v. Tam, in which an Asian-American rock band seeks trademark registration for the slur it’s reappropriated as a name.
A survey shows 82 percent of women feel sexism is a problem today, while men underestimate the sexism felt by the women in their lives.
The Congressional Budget Office said 18 million people would lose their insurance in the first year, with that number and costs rising over 10 years.
So much for the postelection lull.
New start-ups are buying meat from small farms and dividing it into manageable cuts.
Eating hot chili peppers may help you live longer, a new analysis reports.
The host of ‘A Chef’s Life’ had turned her back on her native corner of North Carolina. Then she returned to help celebrate and revive it.
A Japanese ramen chain serves its single kind of soup in a singular setting: individual “flavor concentration booths.”
Dr. Carlo Musso took an oath to do no harm. So why does he take part in executions?
The Army intelligence analyst convicted in a 2010 leak of security documents is set to be freed this May instead of in 2045.
Feeling conflicted about fulfilling a neighbor’s unhealthy request.
A Senate hearing for Ms. DeVos, a billionaire who did not attend public schools or send her children to them, became a debate over how to spend public money on education.
And Europe loses.
Aside from the Williams sisters, no U.S. woman has played in a major final since 2005, and no man has won one since 2003, but the nation had the most players in each draw in Melbourne.
Matthew Sewell sets us up to score.
Are you a “sneakerhead”? How many pairs do you have? What are the best ones you’ve ever owned?
His presidency’s transformative promise created both fears and expectations that he failed to manage.
Giving users a supervised place and clean needles increases use of treatment and saves lives.
Imagine the benefits to the country if the president-elect’s messages were nice, not nasty.
Outrage over Donald Trump’s insensitivity is fine, but it isn’t serious political action.
Against a backdrop of tense race relations, three widely praised movies should bring needed diversity to this year’s Academy Award nominations.
Once again, The New York Times Lens blog and the City University of New York’s Graduate School of Journalism are offering photographers a chance to meet top editors, gallerists, curators and publishers. And it’s free.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on the responsibility of a community in a member’s time of need, when to push back on friends’ vile online commentary and more.
It’s a modern ritual to insist that public figures “disavow” unseemly opinions, connections and supporters. But when that gesture is a halfhearted performance, how could it count?
Does the romantic notion of working the land bear out in reality? Some say yes.
Four years ago, the Nooksack in Washington State announced that they were expelling hundreds of members, setting off a bitter debate over tribal identity.
A newly released internal report says The Times should pursue more of some stories and less of others. But what exactly should it give up?
Glimpsing the future of basketball as both sport and marketing enterprise in the moves of seven-foot wonder athletes.
Knees of runners showed substantially lower levels of two types of cells that can contribute to inflammation and promote arthritis.
Impulsively checking your phone? Take a moment with your own thoughts instead.
Lai Jeng-jer, a leader on gay rights in Taiwan who now lives in Beijing, discusses the progress he’s seen on the mainland, as well as the limitations.
Wednesday: On-demand services, Cuomo meets Trump, and tips for visiting the Met.
A reader asks: “If trades can occur outside the 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. market hours, then why not allow for 24/7 trading?” Neil Irwin, a senior economics correspondent, responds.
Power brokers are in the Swiss Alps to discuss how to make globalization more lucrative, but there is no appetite for redistributing wealth or empowering workers.
Surface temperatures are heading toward levels that many scientists believe will pose a threat to both the natural world and to human civilization.
Donald Trump’s denunciation of immigrants is hypocritical.
Redistribution the public likes.
At his final news conference in the White House, the president was asked about his future and his decision to commute the sentence of Chelsea Manning.
One way to end the strained relationship between Carmelo Anthony and the Knicks’ president, Phil Jackson, would be for one of them to leave. But which one?
Dozens of colleges are vaulting thousands of low-income students into the middle class and beyond, and yet are being starved of funding.
Some people said they remembered fake news that was never even published, suggesting the phenomenon is not as influential as many think.
At a Senate hearing, Representative Tom Price set lofty goals for replacing the health law but did not say how he would achieve them.
What people in the Trump orbit may view as a desirable boom could look to the Fed as overheating, and prompt interest rate increases.
A poem about the search that accompanies one’s need to swipe.
President Obama did the right thing in granting clemency to Chelsea Manning, and should offer Edward Snowden similar leniency.
Navient made serious mistakes at every step of the loan collection process, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said in a lawsuit.
Jacob Stulberg delivers an important message.
Set in a women’s prison, this production is the third and last installment of the director Phyllida Lloyd’s series of Shakespeare plays for Donmar Warehouse.
Valencia, which has the fourth-highest budget in Spain but the fourth-worst record, always poses a challenge for coaches, but it has never experienced a crisis quite like this.
Should the bunker where Hitler killed himself be a tourist attraction?
The justices will decide whether to accept a California case that could test the limits of the Second Amendment.
For eight years, the president and his family have set an impeccable example, for which we’ll soon feel nostalgia.
His pro-Israel overtures are no substitute for an authentic love for the Jewish people.
Donald Trump may push us into another war.
Many of President Obama’s critics say the United States is in decline. But he leaves the world, and the country, in better shape.
“The Oval Offices” shows how replicas of the nation’s seat of power — found everywhere from presidential libraries to even an airport — reflect the tastes and quirks of its occupants.
Hint: it isn’t that Trump never stops winning.
What is alarming to experts about the science and the politics surrounding Earth’s rapidly warming temperatures?
You will find the vessel powerfully restorative, belying its status as an artifact too unsexy and unfashionable to be advertised.
Where do you get most of your news? Are these sources trustworthy? How do you know?
A morning tea ritual to cure what ails you.
The 14th librarian of Congress on radical librarians and how information literacy can combat fake news.
Bald eagles have been the emblem of the United States for more than two centuries. Now, in some parts of the country, they’re a nuisance.
The president-elect’s nominee to be attorney general opposes not only the Justice Department’s specific policies but its overall view of the government’s role.
The rights lawyer Jiang Tianyong once met the German chancellor in Beijing. Now his wife is hoping that Ms. Merkel can push Beijing to disclose his whereabouts.
Exposing young eyes to sunlight may be the best way to counter the worldwide increase in nearsightedness.
Wearing high SPF sunscreen provided more protection than an umbrella. But people still got sunburned.
Thursday: Edgar Allan Poe’s New York, demonstrating at a Trump hotel, and Hillary Clinton’s cookies.
A recent report suggests that society’s reliance on a volunteer army of family helpers — largely taken for granted — is unsustainable.
Practical activities and questions to help students navigate a media landscape in which it is increasingly difficult to tell what’s real and what’s not.
Years before Google, Richard J. Meislin created an inviting portal through which Times journalists and the public could plumb the internet.
Mr. Mnuchin, who is testifying before the Senate Finance Committee, also did not list his role as a director of an investment fund in the Cayman Islands on a questionnaire.
Three running books by women authors illustrate how women find community and empowerment when they hit the pavement.
Doug Mills, who has followed Barack Obama, camera in hand, since the beginning, reflects on his eight-year assignment.
A multigovernment decision to stop the search, already the longest and most expensive in aviation history, raises ethical questions.
I had gotten a decent man in trouble while pursuing a good story.
Past the cellphone store and jewelry shops, a destination for dumplings and other Himalayan specialties in Jackson Heights.
We’ve given ourselves the time and space needed to figure out whether the hole in our lives is one that only he was meant to fill.
The material sheds additional light on the torture program as the future of the Senate’s classified full report on it hangs in the balance with the Obama presidency ending.
The influence and virtues of terroir may be denied in an academic vacuum, but the red wines of Corsica beg to differ.
Using laboratory tests, researchers found that a third of adults given a diagnosis of asthma did not actually have the disorder.
In an about-face for the Mexican government, Joaquín Guzmán Loera, known as El Chapo, was turned over to American officials on Thursday night.
This largely nonverbal animated French-Belgian-Japanese coproduction, from Studio Ghibli, the home of Hayao Miyazaki, flirts with eco-mysticism.
“Split” represents something of a return to form — or formula — for its writer and director, M. Night Shyamalan. It’s all plot, spun into a ribbon of suspense.
Trump presents an unprecedented threat to American values. Obama should stand up for them.
His transition has been as peevish as his campaign.
Strangers meet on a Manhattan sidewalk, stop and begin to trade verses from popular musicals.
A chaotic transition process that cast aside Gov. Chris Christie’s blueprints has left the president-elect’s team scrambling to fill key posts.
This solo show, written by Matthew Spangler and Benjamin Evett and starring Mr. Evett, is based on the poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
Angela Olson Halsted returns with her first themeless puzzle.
With soaring language and an improvisatory jazz spirit, Ruben Santiago-Hudson’s revival brings lives shaped by privation to throbbing life.
The march shows why “identity politics” are central to the future of the Democratic Party.
The new president will be corrupt and crazy, but he’ll also be incompetent.
America can unite by containing the new president.
Donald Trump’s approval numbers are dismal, but there may be something about his appeal that is not captured in the traditional ratings.
What do you think about the prospect of Ms. DeVos heading the country’s Department of Education?
Can you imagine being successful without being happy? Or happy without being successful? Or are the two linked?
Did The Times hold low-income people to a double standard when it wrote about food stamps and soda purchases?
How to counter the new president? The intensity of the desire to fight back is producing what may turn out to be one of the most fertile periods of protest on the left in decades.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Navient, the nation’s largest student loan servicer, of much wrongdoing. Here’s how to steer clear of problems.
Baby carrots are a popular snack. But are they as rich in nutrients as a full-fledged carrot? And what about those miniature carrots with the greens attached you see at farmers’ markets and high-end restaurants?
In this short documentary, young mothers in a homeless shelter write lullabies to bond with their babies.
I never meant to be an overprotective mother. But my husband is blind, so I have to be doubly watchful to cover for both of us.
Friday: Swearing-in of New Yorkers past, $3 subway rides, and inauguration protests in history.
Exiting a market of a half-billion people to go global makes no sense.
What do you hope President Trump accomplishes in his first 100 days in office? We’d like to hear from you.
A human rights lawyer still in custody and facing a subversion trial describes months of abuse in interview transcripts released by his attorneys.
Donald J. Trump was inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States after one of the most divisive election campaigns in modern times.
The media columnist Jim Rutenberg and the White House correspondent Peter Baker on the Trump administration and the media challenges it poses.
A resistance has descended on the capital as Donald J. Trump takes office, prompting officers, some in riot gear, to employ crowd-dispersing sprays.
Arroz con pollo, chicken biryani — rice and chicken is a dish you find all over the world.
The New York Times would like to hear from readers about what they thought was most notable about President Donald J. Trump’s inaugural address.
To my surprise, in 1995 The Times turned down my offer of the nyt.com domain. I was told that it would be confused with the internet address of New York Telephone.
States don’t always follow the lead of the federal government, and that is likely to be true regarding issues like climate change and health care.
Times editors knew the federal authorities were looking into allegations of ties between Donald Trump and Russia. But they decided not to report it.
On the eve of the inauguration, a new ecosystem of internet-famous ideologues and self-proclaimed trolls gathered to celebrate itself, and the president.
It was already pretty great, despite its flaws, before he took office Friday.
James Mulhern entertains us with a challenging, yet rewarding, Saturday puzzle.
The planning committee’s prediction was right.
We have an opportunity now to look for meaning beyond the numbers.
The scouting network of Neale McDermott, who works for Adidas, is seen as more sophisticated and comprehensive than those of the Premier League’s giants.
Germany’s vice chancellor said the inaugural speech reflected a “drastic radicalization” of U.S. politics. But some world leaders embraced the new reality.
Hundreds of thousands of women gathered in Washington and other cities across the country Saturday in a kind of counterinauguration after President Trump took office on Friday.
A place to discuss the “A Little Variety” suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
Donald Trump’s inauguration heralds a new age of arrogance and says something sad and scary.
Will voters notice when things really do get worse?
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon present a quote about a beloved figure.
Major changes to health policy will require new legislation, not an executive order.
For much of humanity, things keep getting better.
The Republican crusade against 50 years of environmental regulation is an attack on public health and prosperity.
Trumpcare could be so much worse than Obamacare that it would barely deserve the name insurance.
The traps for the press in the Trump era.
Novelists and historians had their own version of American exceptionalism, which the 2016 election destroyed.
I took for granted the progress my mother’s generation made.
Dan Schoenholz mashes it up.
In cities across the country and beyond, demonstrators protested the new president after an election that placed gender in the spotlight as never before.
They will tune into the N.F.L. playoffs Sunday, even though their son, an N.F.L. player for eight seasons, died after battling a disease linked to head trauma.
The challenge facing the organizers is figuring out how to channel the resolve and outrage of an organic protest into action that produces political change.
Bruce Haight spins us a story.
The environmental advocate warned about excessive use of pesticides.
There are everyday words, and then there are the words we love.
The transition, and questions surrounding it, rippled through issues including the location of the American Embassy and whether Palestinians are on the edge of a renewed revolt.
To the extent that there was a plan to take advantage of the first days of his administration, when a president is usually at his maximum leverage, President Trump threw it aside.
Memory, gender and fantasy blend in this play about a Vietnam veteran and his offspring.
And no surprise, things seem to be warming up between Carrie and Quinn.
Dominic West deserves combat pay for all the shaking and twitching he’s had to do this season.
The Women’s March was an uprising.
Insult and mockery is dehumanizing when wielded by the powerful. To resist, the disempowered should reject it, not return it.
What comes after “American carnage”?
My American students thought feminism was for angry man-haters. Women in Abu Dhabi were inspired by it to take risks and take charge of their lives.
Trust, in this new media ecology, means trusting the readers’ judgment.
So much for the claim that people from the business world are always more efficient managers.
A traveling retrospective finally recognizes the work of Peter Hujar, whose photos of gay life were overshadowed by those by his contemporary, Robert Mapplethorpe.
What were some of the goals of the marches held around the world on Saturday?
How has your life been shaped by the people around you?
Students at Havasupai Elementary in Arizona say they learn mostly reading and math, but poorly. Their tribe says the United States has reneged on its legal duty to educate them.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
An exercise regimen, while not a cure, can alleviate Parkinson’s symptoms and slow progression of the disease.
Monday: A severe storm, tobacco in New York, and the state of our streets.
Shikumen, traditional alleyway complexes, saw the birth of a uniquely Chinese version of Communism. A tour reveals what their erosion means.
It’s just as important for adults to have screen-free periods as it is for children.
Every year you age, health care technology changes — usually for the better, but always at higher cost.
Over the next few years, demographic research shows, the growth in demand for urban living could stall.
A reader asks about the now-ubiquitous “cloud.” Quentin Hardy, The Times’s deputy technology editor, considers the question.
The city will settle a class-action lawsuit that accused the police of issuing hundreds of thousands of criminal summonses later found to lack legal justification.
The decision at the start of the new administration was a signal that the president plans to follow through on promises to be aggressive with foreign competitors.
The chef Enrique Olvera plans to open a new version that is less formal, based on lessons he learned at Cosme in New York.
Roddick won only one major, but also a Davis Cup and a No. 1 ranking, and for a decade, he was present among the game’s elite. He and Kim Clijsters will be inducted in July.
In a kitchen downtown, the partners in Major Food Group are refining dishes for the Landmark Rooms at the Seagram Building, their new project in a fabled location.
The writer’s Twitter post on Friday drew widespread condemnation, and Ms. Rich subsequently apologized for it.
Write a poem about our new president and your hopes or fears.
The five-year-old country is in woeful straits as a civil war drags on. But a proposal to create a trusteeship of outside powers is meeting resistance.
Metro reporters Benjamin Mueller and Al Baker provide a behind-the-scenes account of their work on an ongoing 13-month project about New York murder scenes.
A day in one of the world’s busiest maternity wards.
An article about fathers in Montclair, N.J., who watched their children while their wives attended protests in Washington and New York was ill-conceived.
A long day of traveling ends with an escape from Times Square in a cab just before midnight.
President Trump used his first official meeting with congressional leaders to blame his nearly three-million popular vote loss on illegal ballots.
The return of John O’Brien.
Paola Lázaro’s play, at the Atlantic Theater Company, assembles a crew of vivid characters on a San Juan street corner.
Paratroopers and stuntmen share their advice: Be like a toddler.
Should citizens who are 18 or older be required to vote?
In terms of diversity, how does President Trump’s cabinet compare to previous cabinets?
If Trump is serious about balancing imports and exports, he needs to think bigger.
Arthur Brooks and Gail Collins ask how things are going, both inside and outside the White House.
I was forced to wonder if winning on the battlefield would be enough to win the war.
The protesters’ central issues were built on identity politics, and identity politics is too small to create a movement to counter Donald Trump.
She made clear that our society demands impossible choices from parents — and pretends otherwise.
Mr. Trump pledges to “drain the swamp,” but his nascent administration is knee-deep in cronies and big campaign donors.
More than a century after the Armenian genocide, Armenian and Turkish photographers are building bridges by making pictures of daily life to underscore what they have in common.
What can everyday objects left behind in secret places teach us about the past?
The wildly popular home assistant offers a vision of an automated future — one that Amazon itself is poised to dominate.
It used to be an “I’m not worthy” declaration. Now it’s just another way of expressing everyone’s favorite theme: how great we are.
As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the country’s rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.
The academy seeks to rebound from two years of #OscarsSoWhite with nods for Denzel Washington, Ruth Negga, Viola Davis, Mahershala Ali and others.
Community School District 3, on Manhattan’s West Side, is home to some of the best public elementary schools, but the district is sharply divided by race, income and academic achievement.
A fish farm in the city of Grayling has prompted debate (and a legal challenge) about its impact on the Au Sable, a stream revered by anglers.
Tuesday: A storm sticks around, El Chapo in Lower Manhattan, and goodbye to a piece of transit history.
Americans will have to fight for their civilization and the right to ask why.
Susan Chira, senior correspondent and editor on gender issues, provides an inside look at her reporting on women who voted for Donald J. Trump.
The new president continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project at the heart of the battle over climate change.
Trump’s global ban on funding clinics that even discuss abortion leads to unsafe procedures and the spread of disease.
Tom Colicchio’s new restaurant in a restored 1883 hotel aims for the opulence of a bygone era, but it sometimes loses focus.
Chefs are pushing the envelope, inspired by traditions from around the world. With a little daring, home cooks can, too.
This updated version of Henrik Ibsen’s 1867 verse drama includes rock and pop songs as it centers on an adventurous Scandinavian lad.
Insult his youngest son. Curse. Surrender the high ground. And lose it all.
Three federal appeals court judges appear to be the leading Supreme Court candidates, but Democrats, still stung over the snub of Judge Merrick B. Garland, have vowed to oppose whomever the president picks.
Mike Isaac live-tweeted Mark Zuckerberg’s testimony at a federal court last week — until it almost got him booted from the courtroom.
Men have been the focus of concern about a stubborn trend of working-age Americans neither working nor looking for jobs. But the trend applies to women, too.
It’s not just journalists. Ordinary Americans also want to see the president’s returns.
A woman on her way to Lincoln Center encounters a man bearing an uncanny resemblance to a famous composer.
Even a gentle walk can lift your mood and improve life satisfaction.
Wednesday: A trip to Trump Tower without Trump, how to reach your legislators, and the vote on a $3 subway fare.
Our national holiday fails to recognize a legacy of genocide.
Mesmerized by the past, the president is taking his eyes off our energy future.
Budget deficits and protection? Been there, done that.
The reform period ushered in by Deng Xiaoping also drew on the wisdom of foreign advisers, according to the Oxford scholar Julian Gewirtz.
To redo the trade deal, the U.S. may have to make concessions that the Trump administration will be wary of offering.
Take a moment to be mindful during a busy workday.
Mexicans called President Trump’s push to build a wall “an offense to Mexico,” a “slap in the face” and a “monument to lies.”
Hospitals control C. diff by meticulous hand-washing and cleaning, but limiting the use of antibiotics may be even more effective.
Ms. Moore was best known as the spunky professional Mary Richards on “The Mary Tyler Moore Show” and as Laura Petrie, the wife of a comedy writer, on “The Dick Van Dyke Show.”
Can empathy help make us better people? Can it help make the world a better place? Or, is it overrated?
This virtual reality experience presents a surreal sci-fi mystery and meditation on death.
A parliamentary inquiry prompted by a receptionist’s complaint has concluded that laws against discriminatory dress codes for women needed to be tougher.
Before I became a financial reporter, I was what they used to call a “customer’s man.” Nevermind that I’m a woman.
In what amounts to the Olympics of culinary skill, a group of chefs led by Thomas Keller prevails.
President Trump’s move to proceed with the pipeline project leaves the Canadian prime minister facing anger from both energy advocates and environmentalists.
A poet suggests treating a bird like a beloved pet instead of a winged rat and that doing so will repay the kindness.
No team inspires loathing like the Blue Devils. But in a season of what passes for disappointment at Duke, even haters could show some compassion. Maybe.
A debut by Hal Moore that’s somewhat hidden.
Parents say that even mentioning a nut allergy to airline employees can get them kicked off a plane.
What do you think happened? Write a fact-based explanation that could be scientifically plausible — or use the photo as a jumping-off point for a fun, fictional tale.
Our president is a pathological liar.
Resisting violence means knowing many of your efforts will fail. But that doesn’t mean there’s no hope.
A “pro-life” order will mean more abortions and women dying.
The president can’t stand up to his vice.
There is more to the news than tweets and polls. The network should go back to its roots.
The ideas behind President Trump’s plan to “eradicate” extremism.
Facundo de Zuviría’s formal images of Buenos Aires storefronts shuttered during Argentina’s 2001 economic crisis reveal the city’s character in its rapidly-changing neighborhoods.
Europe’s far-right political parties are putting forth an image of unity and strength. It’s just a facade.
What country will win the worldwide race to dominate the robotics market?
A childhood remedy for the overindulgences of adulthood.
Late in a career marked by both triumph and tragedy, the fiercely independent author has written a new book exploring the unsettling case of Emmett Till’s father — and the isolation of black men in America.
Whether it’s for your restaurant employees or your actual relatives, this stewed dish is one everyone will appreciate.
What shows are you watching right now? Would you recommend them? Are they binge-worthy?
Twin apartment towers on the East River in Manhattan embody the concrete steps that builders are taking against the effects of extreme weather.
Choosing to answer a question no one asked, declaring oneself “a policy guy” and stroking the chin of a puppy: ways to shrug off questions about the president.
An article about the Women’s March published on a site associated with The Times, but completely distinct from it, became a right-wing crowd pleaser.
Thursday: The Chinese Lunar New Year, remembering Mary Tyler Moore, and holiday traditions.
A placebo worked better than glucosamine and chondroitin for easing the pain and stiffness of arthritis.
The Times reserves a special spot in its boardroom for a portrait of the incumbent president. At the moment, Barack Obama has not been replaced.
The move by the Mexican leader, Enrique Peña Nieto, brings to a head the simmering tensions that have been building for months between the two nations.
The authors of a study suggesting millions might have voted illegally have already lowered estimates, but a basic premise of the study is in doubt.
He plays a rogue who strikes it rich, a thrill complicated by the corruptions of wealth, treachery and the schemer’s own fecklessness.
A new restaurant in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, combines a grandmotherly vibe with dishes from a Daniel alum.
Another in our series about helping students find trustworthy information at a time when “fake news” is headline news.
Being intellectually gifted is often stereotyped as a male quality, and American girls seem to absorb this thinking at a young age.
President Trump’s plan for a wall on the border with Mexico erupted into a diplomatic standoff, as he appeared to embrace a proposal to tax all imported goods.
The ghost of Willy Loman hovers over this film from Asghar Farhadi, but it seems occupied with its own dramatic issues, our critic writes.
The George Orwell dystopian novel is a best seller because so much of what it describes can be seen in the early statements and actions of the Trump administration.
Two fights loom in Washington for social conservatives: an effort in Congress to eliminate Planned Parenthood’s federal funding and the choice of a Supreme Court nominee who opposes abortion.
A proposal put forth by the White House on Thursday at first sounded like a big tariff on Mexican imports, but the reality is less drastic.
Watching an argument between a couple who appear to be doing God’s work.
Sure, the latest terrible idea to come out of the Trump White House would hurt Mexico. But there would be plenty of collateral damage for Americans.
On questions about brain injuries and career-threatening knee injuries, the league is hobbling sideways in its attempt to justify a dangerous game.
Anthony was denied the small respite he is usually afforded from his struggling team. And the talk was heating up that he may be playing elsewhere.
John Guzzetta starts our solving weekend.
Pierre Corneille’s 1644 comedy follows the misadventures of a pathological teller of falsehoods, and his compulsively honest servant.
Presented by Pan Asian Repertory, this play by Damon Chua, set during World War II, is steeped in the traditions of film noir as well as several other genres.
In this Mint Theater production — written by Miles Malleson in 1933 but only now having its world premiere — a couple weigh the merits of polyamory.
Do you celebrate the Lunar New Year? If so, how? If not, what is your favorite annual holiday that your nation celebrates?
Britain’s prime minister will meet with the president on Friday. With “Brexit” looming, she needs to show Britons that they have friends beyond Europe.
Photos by The New York Times and by photographers from around the world.
Does a pathological liar really want to pick a fight with the caretakers of America’s Best Idea?
The party of Trump is a far cry from the party of Reagan.
Manufacturing will decline faster under President Trump.
The law that ensures education for children with disabilities has given her words of her own. It is now at risk.
In the digital age, it’s no longer a reliable indicator of a movement’s strength.
A song, spreading fast online, offers a bit of relief for those dashing home to celebrate the Lunar New Year only to face relentless questions about their lives.
For African-American strivers, hypertension and other health problems may be linked to racism, not race.
Is a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico a good idea for either country?
Saturday’s Blackburn-Blackpool match will bring another demonstration of anger by supporters who are claiming owner neglect.
Did The Times underestimate the number of people who marched last weekend? And why does it keep writing off part of the country as the “Rust Belt”?
At a press conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May, President Trump refused to say what he would do on sanctions when he speaks with Vladimir Putin on Saturday.
The real estate titan who built New York City’s tallest residential tower reflects on the current market and the Trump presidency.
A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls to a pretty block in Crown Heights.
Should offshore wind farms continue to grow to provide energy to those on the grid?
Along with fish balls and flowers, vendors in Victoria Park sold a game with a predetermined set of outcomes, a nod to the Beijing-directed selection of the city’s leader.
A coast guard captain on a small Greek island is suddenly charged with saving thousands of refugees from drowning at sea.
With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me.
A rough translation of “America First” is Muslims last.
Friday: Readers weigh in, a lesson on pronouncing Houston, and unconventional subway posters.
VATs and cash-flow taxes, oh my.
Neuromas of the foot, a painful condition caused by an inflamed nerve in the ball of the foot, can be effectively treated at home.
The columnist David Leonhardt talks about changes ahead for New York Times readers.
Dealers are scrambling every which way amid a recall of over 60 million Takata airbags, and consumers need to ask some very pointed questions.
A thrice-married libertine hardly seemed a natural choice for Christian conservatives. But thanks to him, they hold the keys to the citadel.
The associations were particularly strong for colon and rectal, prostate, pancreatic and esophageal cancers, and for leukemia.
New federal regulations strengthen protections, but do not establish staffing requirements.
The president has pressured companies to keep jobs in the United States. Though it may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might undermine manufacturing.
This unsettling and imaginative production from Bela Pinter and Company looks back at state surveillance, sexual desires and the folk dancing scene in Communist Budapest.
Blood oranges mingle with other vibrant citrus fruits for an eye-popping savory lunch or light dinner.
A bit of uplift in tough times.
Three plays are presented in “Author Directing Author,” by Neil LaBute, Marta Buchaca and Marco Calvani, who direct one another’s works.
Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.
As speculation shifts to a potential deal with the Clippers, a look at the hurdles the Knicks would have to clear to trade their highly paid forward.
Thousands of women were held as political prisoners in Communist East Germany. Two of them tell their story in this animated film.
As the Xolos draw soccer fans from across the border, their stadium’s parking lot has become the site of Mexico’s biggest tailgate party.
Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.
An audio recording of a closed-door meeting reveals concerns that contrast with the confidence party leaders and President Trump express in public.
President Enrique Peña Nieto should clearly indicate what Trump actions he won’t tolerate.
Damon Gulczynski brings his Saturday game.
Donald Trump’s outlandish claims give cover to longstanding and pernicious voter suppression efforts.
In the battle for worst nominee, our winner is. …
In a New York courtroom on Saturday evening, the judge said that sending the travelers home could cause them “irreparable harm.”
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
Editor Will Shortz weighs in on the value and beauty of Puns and Anagrams puzzles.
You and I both have immigrant roots. Don’t dishonor them with xenophobic fearmongering.
She couldn’t look at me without crying when I first transitioned. Then we both changed.
The new administration’s first week brings more news than clarity — and the White House seems to want it that way.
These daughters of immigrants flourished in America. Now they plan to fight for it.
President Trump’s debut raises the question: 70 or 7?
The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.
Presidential denial is an even bigger threat than transparent lying.
Jim Hyres and David Steinberg want to know if you feel lucky today.
It’s not clear. But ritual, horror and comedy can help.
Reconstructive surgery is billed as being better than ever, but most women lose sensation in their chest, which can be devastating and even dangerous. They wish they had been warned.
Where’s the sugar high supposed to come from?
The White House pulled back on part of Mr. Trump’s temporary ban on visitors from seven countries by saying that it would not apply to those with green cards.
Nora Burns’s feisty and funny one-woman show recalls those sex-and-drug-filled days of gleefully reckless abandon.
The New York Times asked readers to talk about how they would be affected if the Affordable Care Act was repealed.
Zhouqin Burnikel takes a gander at Hollywood stars.
There’s less to Donald Trump’s assault on bureaucracy than he pretends.
A question about whether Frank from “Blue Bloods” has ever been seen in New York prompts recollections of real famous people spotted in the city.
Students examine Mr. Trump’s executive order using articles in The Times that discuss its effectiveness, legality and interpretation of American values.
The plot is slowly setting the stage for the reunion of the old gang.
The final episode of season 3 finds Noah and Juliette in the city of light.
Coryell, the longtime coach in San Diego, was one of the most important figures in transforming the N.F.L. into a pass-first league.
Who is the comic about and what are they about to do as the story begins?
If politicians won’t stand up to Trump, the American people will.
A Mexican standoff that epitomizes Trumpism.
Americans will have to get used to paying a whole lot more for shoes, shirts and TVs.
Tymon Markowski spent time exploring the towns and villages along the banks of Poland&#8217;s Brda River, encountering strange and amusing scenes.
How do you feel about executive orders issued by Donald Trump in his presidency so far?
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
A sincere apology can be powerful medicine with surprising value for the giver as well as the recipient.
A high school diploma is no longer enough for today’s manufacturing jobs. Enter the employer. Apprenticeships are making a comeback, complete with college.
You hope that you can pass along enough of your wisdom so that when they’re alone, you’re still along for the ride.
Monday: Symbolism at the Statue of Liberty, disorder at airports, and a future in doubt for a beloved miniature golf course.
An idea to control costs relies on the power of market innovation, but there are risks to this approach.
The Middle East was so hopeful 17 years ago when I traveled into the country for a brief visit; I expected that tourists would soon arrive in droves. Now the memory of that trip sustains my humanity.
We’re witnessing the stirrings of a national popular movement aimed at defeating the policies of the president.
Cecilia Kang, a technology reporter for The Times, addresses a question submitted by a Times reader.
The circus has an elongated history with New York, stretching back to P.T. Barnum,. Some devotees have seen upward of 100 shows and befriended performers.
True confusion, but with a political incentive.
A Canadian doctor recalls a lesson from his pre-med education: how to deal with color-coded peer pressure.
More teams are following baseball’s lead by trying to upgrade the fare and hold down the prices at concessions.
The acting attorney general, Sally Q. Yates, on Monday ordered government lawyers not to defend President Trump’s executive order on immigration in court.
A young Muslim woman describes feeling unwelcome in the country where she was born. Readers are invited to respond.
Though fortified and sweet wines are largely ignored nowadays, these can still appeal to the modern palate.
This fiercely structured red from Provence is a great wine for winter.
Polling data suggests that the greatest threat to re-election for most Republicans in Congress is a primary challenge.
Nominate a jurist devoted to the Constitution’s original meaning.
Would you jump? Or would you chicken out?
What happens to law-and-order politics when nobody understands the law?
The missile test could reveal whether the Trump administration will make good on its promises to strictly enforce all aspects of the Iranian nuclear deal.
A woman on the way to evening classes at City College gets some algebra assistance.
Donald Trump’s political adviser is consolidating power, with dismal results.
Neil Padrick Wilson decants his New York Times Crossword debut.
Remaking a high-end itinerary around the glamorous Australian city on a tight budget.
One family explains their child’s change to ‘her true self.’
Have you ever attended a march or protest to fight for something you care about?
A survey of whom American voters prefer for their children’s marriage partners shows just how powerful party identification has become.
President Trump’s early actions are a strategic gift to America’s rivals and enemies.
We remember Vietnam as a man’s war. But thousands of women served, too.
They struck a deal with the devil, Donald Trump, that comes at too high a price.
Sage Sohier has recreated old family photographs, replacing the idealized figures in the pictures with the bodies that her mother — a former model — and two daughters — now have.
His immigration measures reflect a streak of gratuitous cruelty.
What makes the H.B.C.U. bands special and different from usual halftime shows?
Some of the most consequential movements in American law and politics began amid defeat and panic.
What qualities in an athlete keep you coming back to watch more?
In the fight over the Dakota Access Pipeline, Native American activists achieved one of the most galvanizing environmental victories in years — and it all began with a group of teenagers.
U.S.A. Football, responding to safety concerns and declining participation, is developing a version called modified tackle, with fewer players on a smaller field.
Students from remote areas are underrepresented on campus. Universities want them (and their perspectives). First they have to reach them.
Tuesday: Breaking a sweat at the Met, plenty of protests, and hundreds of thousands of noise complaints.
We hope you’ve been following the news closely this week, President Trump’s dizzying first in office.
Democrats also opposed Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, saying he would be a yes man for Mr. Trump, unlike the acting attorney general who was fired for refusing to enforce an immigration order.
Until players sign, agreements are only as solid as the word of the parties, causing one coach to ask: “What’s happening with the word ‘commitment’?”
A rebuilt West Village speakeasy is still lined with literary references, but the food is more ambitious and the scruffy charm has fled.
Judge Gorsuch is reliably conservative in the mold of Antonin Scalia, who died last year, but is not known to be divisive.
Reporters asked players about the two men, but when the N.F.L. posted transcripts of the interviews, almost no references could be found.
A cookbook author offers advice for cooks.
The electric pressure cooker is the kitchen gadget of the moment. Here’s what it does (and doesn’t do) well.
They are meant to assure shoppers that animals have been treated humanely, but they can confuse or even mislead.
The cable, asserting that the president’s order on immigration will not make the nation safer, has wended through dozens of embassies and is still spreading.
President Trump is busily silencing dissent over his policies toward Muslim refugees and immigrants.
I remember being terrified. I sat across the aisle from my mom, who sat next to my sister. We all kept looking at the open door of the plane, for someone to come and pull us off.
Recalling a universal message on a dirty car window.
It’s not about the nominee. It’s about an illegitimate process.
President Trump passed up the chance to repair the damage Senate Republicans have inflicted on the court.
The teams’ meetings, at least since 2003, have tended to be high-stakes, but they did not deliver a knockout blow this time, in a 1-1 draw.
The unveiling of Donald Trump’s pick was unusual. Now what do Democrats do?
Et tu, Matthew Sewell and Jeff Chen?
Lucas Hedges stars in this highly physical production about two dog-owning brothers who are short on social skills and living in a squalid suburban London apartment.
What do you do regularly that is good for your physical or mental health?
Can a true apology mend relationships, soothe wounds and heal broken hearts?
As a feminist lesbian, I was supposed to be independent and strong. But my disease meant I was all need.
Only the likes of Bill Gates, Jamie Dimon and Elon Musk may be able to save the country from President Trump.
Donald Trump’s son-in-law was supposed to be a positive influence, but Steve Bannon has taken charge.
Trump’s refugee mess may be a sign of things to come.
We’re both queer women who fled Communist regimes. America has given us a sense of belonging — until now.
Documents detailing his 2011 approval for citizenship there come as Mr. Thiel, a prominent Trump supporter, defends the president’s efforts to limit immigration.
The Fox Sports play-by-play announcer on sports and politics, his hair-transplant surgery and, sometimes, not talking at all.
Following the departure of his superstar teammate, Russell Westbrook was left to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder all by himself. That’s when something special happened.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on how to deal with a possibly alcoholic colleague, whether to inform a school that students are hacking its math homework and what an employer owes its employees.
Martin Gibala is the scientist we most have to thank for the popularity of very brief, very hard exercise.
To the erudite right, this Michigan college is what higher education should be: classical study, with no federal regulation.
I spent the night in the studio talking with people who know about what to make of President Trump’s first Supreme Court nomination.
Two decades ago, the state was facing the stresses of an ethnic and cultural shift, and it lashed out at diversity before embracing it.
Amid the chic cafes and boutiques in the Marais, footnotes of antiquity around every corner.
Wednesday: Black History Month begins, meet the new Westminster Breeds, and a race up the Empire State Building.
What are colleges doing to attract students who live in rural America?
What does the Bannon administration think it’s doing?
The time it takes to brew a pot of coffee is the perfect time to take for yourself.
Recent and archival lesson plans, articles, essays, photographs, videos, infographics, crosswords and more for bringing the wealth of African-American history into your classroom.
The president urged the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, to abandon the 60-vote threshold for Supreme Court nominees.
Daniella Zalcman has put together a website featuring the photojournalism work of hundreds of women. She wants to show editors that there’s “not a shortage of women photographers, just a lack of equitable hiring.”
In this lesson, students will consider what’s at stake with the president’s nomination of Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
Liberty University’s president seeks to roll back regulations, the kind of standards that cast an unflattering light on ... Liberty University.
Men whose prostate cancer recurs after surgery are more likely to survive if, along with the usual radiation, they take drugs to block male hormones.
Despite the national tumult over immigration spilling over, Commissioner Roger Goodell said, “I’m singularly focused on the Super Bowl right now.”
Never underestimate how helpful people can be when you’re trying to find a place to put your car.
A vision of Islam as inherently hostile has long flourished on the far right. Now President Trump has brought that view to the White House.
Congress shouldn’t stand by as the most powerful office in the world is reduced to a marketing scheme.
A debut by Alex Eaton-Salners looks both ways.
Whether you’re a football fan or not, what do you like about Super Bowl Sunday?
You just can’t force a neighboring country to pay for your infrastructure.
Whose hand is busy behind the curtain?
Democrats must oppose Neil Gorsuch on principle.
We Americans should condemn our extremist.
Meet the all-female Brazilian drum group that is challenging gender norms.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin urged Congress to lift the debt ceiling as lawmakers embark on a spending spree.
A woman finds out what happens when you don’t pay your fare before boarding.
The reaction against his authoritarian impulses, assault on truth and cruelties great and petty has revealed abiding American strengths.
I’ve lived in Cleveland all my life, and I’m glad to see the racist mascot go.
One of Africa’s richest cities is threatening to turn off the taps to its four million residents, cutting off homes and most businesses.
The normalcy of a State of the Union address serves as a reminder of what works against Trump.
We invite members of the gymnastics community to a conversation about the future of the sport and what changes they expect in the wake of the Nassar trial.
John DeFrancisco, a state senator for a quarter-century, plans to vacate his seat to challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
Whether or not you’re nursing a heartbreak, these tales of unsettled passions will appeal to the romantic in all of us.
A trailer for the new movie, starring Jon Hamm, has been the subject of scathing criticism. Detractors say it stereotypes and dehumanizes Arabs.
The false warning on Jan. 13, which touched off panic and confusion, happened when an employee with a poor work record misinterpreted instructions, a state report said.
For the first time, a Major Food Group menu doesn’t quite measure up to its restaurant’s busy spectacle.
Overweight binge eaters may be particularly susceptible to the influence of fluctuations in appetite-regulating hormones.
A special election is needed to fill the State Senate seat left vacant by George Latimer, a Democrat, who won the race for Westchester County executive.
President Trump delivered his first State of the Union address, followed by Representative Joseph Kennedy III’s response for the Democrats.
Tuesday: Chief Charlie Beck calls it quits, a potential overhaul at the University of California, and a Padre makes the Hall of Fame.
Carles Puigdemont, the separatist leader, is in Belgium and faces criminal charges in Spain. But he is the only candidate regional lawmakers will consider.
Mr. Kennedy, a scion of the political dynasty, said the Trump administration was “a rebuke of our highest American ideal — that we are all worthy.”
The three companies will create a new venture with the goal of simplifying coverage for their employees, in a move that unsettled the health care world.
The administration outraged lawmakers by not imposing new sanctions while upsetting Moscow by releasing a list of senior Russian officials and oligarchs.
Minnesotans who envisioned a hometown championship party for the Vikings now must host fans of the team that knocked them out of the playoffs.
Tuesday: The president’s annual address, comic book club, and a super blue blood moon.
Kevin Corbett, top executive at a global construction and engineering firm, is about to take over one of the worst commuter railroads in the country.
After the U.S. government said it would cut millions of dollars’ worth of security aid to Pakistan, violence in Afghanistan escalated. Are the two connected?
The saga of Strava, an app that inadvertently revealed the locations of military personnel, is the latest sign that we need better control over our data.
Edward Lansdale understood the Vietnam War better than anyone and tried to point out the tragic mistakes. Too bad no one listened.
Evidence suggests you may want to be more cautious near theaters in April 2020, when “Fast and Furious 9” is expected to arrive. 
After Hillary Clinton appeared on the Grammys, the U.N. ambassador tweeted that the awards show should not “ruin great music with trash.” James Corden fired back.
Buying a home in Connecticut seemed like a good idea to two longtime Manhattanites — so long as the renovation required was mostly aesthetic.
Prime Minister Abadi is a national hero, but in Iraq’s tricky sectarian system, that doesn’t mean he will win the election.
A handful of practical tips to help make sure your next trip to the world’s most populous country is smooth sailing from start to finish.
The chaotic spirit of the internet — in which every claim is disputed, every authority fallible — keeps creeping further into American life.
“That’s What She Said,” by the former USA Today editor in chief Joanne Lipman, tackles gender politics at work with sympathy and reams of data.
CBD from the cannabis plant is the buzziest skin care ingredient of the year. The beauty business is not about to miss out.
Can art be an act of resistance?
People experience six distinct stages of turning adversity into growth. These stages apply to organizations, families, communities and individuals.
What do we know about this year’s dominant virus, H3N2?
A master of reinvention, the three-time former prime minister is poised to come out a winner in Italy’s election. Just spare him the Trump comparisons.
Emily Carroll rewards our good behavior.
In an episode dominated by images of eyes, many of the most significant exchanges relied on little or no speech at all.
How do FISA wiretap applications work? A fight over a classified memo written by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee has heightened interest in the topic.
Hillary Clinton’s cameo at the Grammys set off a debate about how far glitzy awards shows should go in needling Democrats’ favorite target.
White House signals have hard-line supporters worried that he will praise bipartisanship instead of ideology. The speech is at 9 p.m. ET, and we’ll have live coverage.
On Wednesday, Earth will cast its shadow over the second full moon of January, making it turn red in a lunar eclipse. Here’s when and where you can see it.
Given the level of angst with the direction of the party, there’s never been a better time to start something new.
In a wrongheaded effort to rewrite history, Poland’s Parliament is debating a bill to criminalize discussion of that nation’s role in the Holocaust.
Imagine what the reaction would be to a rumor that Barack Obama’s ambassador to the United Nations was sleeping with him.
The ethnic model embraced by immigration restrictionists has been a failure.
It’s a mania! It’s a cult! It’s Bitcoin!
Disregarding Justice Department warnings, the House Intelligence Committee will release a secret memo questioning the origins of the Russia investigation.
A new study suggests that tech-fueled lifestyle changes that encourage Americans to travel less are saving energy. But the full picture may be murkier.
Hoping to catch a stranger’s eye on the way to a beer garden in Brooklyn.
Canadian readers tell us how they view Nafta and describe their vision of Canada’s path forward.
The reports of a payoff to an adult actress blindsided the first lady, who was furious with her husband, according to two people close to the couple.
For years, title insurance companies have spent big to win clients, passing the costs to consumers. New York is now fighting to end the practice.
In his State of the Union address, President Trump is expected to promote his strategy to win the war in Afghanistan. He’ll be the third president to do so.
What predictions can you make about the speech? What reactions do you have during and after? This forum is a place for teenagers to post both.
The experts who draw political maps are finding their work under scrutiny as courts examine partisan gerrymandering.
Acceptance was growing. But a new poll shows that the public may be backsliding.
Widely used in other countries, a variety of the cannabis plant is providing contractors with more efficient construction materials for houses and other structures.
The team was under pressure from baseball’s commissioner to stop using the logo, which is deemed racist by many.
The women, who were contemporaries at the Naval Academy, are part of a powerful wave of political activism in the era of President Trump.
Clare Reichenbach replaces Susan Ungaro, the organization’s president of 11 years, in this newly titled leadership role.
Zounds! In a coup for gender equality, only women will now preside over a realm of chicken legs, beer and jousting. But do the commoners care?
A global map published by the company shows users’ movements and is said to expose data about bases and personnel, including those of U.S. forces in Iraq and Syria.
Monday: The end of the Pacific Standard Time art show, a new editor for The Los Angeles Times and what it’s like to count homelessness.
In a messy episode of “Star Trek: Discovery,” we have yet another plot twist in the mirror universe and an untimely death.
How did the Grammy Awards embrace the #MeToo movement?
Studies on saturated fats often failed to take into account what people ate in their place.
Monday: January’s ups and downs, a lecture on distraction and a raven’s birthday.
Experts say it’s essential to give kids time and space to play.
Some asylum seekers fleeing the United States are learning that Canada is not the promised land that they had hoped for.
The campaign to ban autonomous weapons takes aim at technology, and lets humans off the hook.
The International Paralympic Committee said that it would not restore the nation’s team to compete at the Pyeongchang Games, but that some athletes could compete as individuals.
Research shows a link, but it isn’t retirement itself that leads to a longer life, but what you do in retirement.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Planning a candlelit dinner? The candleholders you choose are just as important as the candles.
Contrary to conventional wisdom, it tends to cost money, but it improves quality of life at a very reasonable price.
Michelle Goldberg reviews McGowan’s memoir, a cautionary tale about the entertainment industry by the actress who accused Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault last fall.
In 1904, Bayard Wootten, a divorced single mother in North Carolina, first borrowed a camera. She went on to make more than a million images.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has made “value capture” a big part of his plan to salvage the subway by seeking more taxes from property owners near stations.
It’s really bad this year! These five things can help.
Children are growing up driving large farm machines to help their families. Thousands are injured every year; many are killed.
What do you think collections say about the person who amasses them?
The German photographer’s latest work includes images of digitally created scenes and spaces. Are these the works he will be remembered by?
Ancient fortresses, crisp mountain streams, curious people and healing cities: Travelers are discovering the Kurdish region of Iraq, a place of great beauty, haunted by war.
A loss in the Wordplay family.
The memo, raising doubts about the Russia inquiry, includes an account of Mr. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, approving surveillance of a former Trump campaign aide.
The central issue in the 16-year war has become whether Afghanistan can have a functioning state. The Taliban have every incentive to expose government weakness.
This time, the president’s defenders are complicit in the concealment.
It may not happen, but the necessary trail of evidence is there.
An expected procedural vote in the Senate on a 20-week abortion ban highlights the need for the public to vote in November’s midterms.
Young Koreans are more focused on domestic issues, like unemployment and whether they can live as well as their parents did, than a costly and complex reunification.
If the economy were tanking, President Trump would get the blame. Shouldn’t he get credit when it’s booming?
Small financial firms, backed by hedge funds, are angling for business from sexual harassment victims. The industry has a checkered history.
Discovering that students learn at different paces.
Lynn Lempel starts our solving week off with a smooth puzzle.
Democrats have stepped up calls to protect the special counsel after revelations of the president’s attempt to fire him. But Republicans appeared to settle on warnings instead.
Tests that exposed monkeys to diesel exhaust provoked public outrage and are likely to intensify criticism of pro-diesel lobbying by carmakers.
Evelyn Rodriguez has been a fierce advocate for victims since her daughter, Kayla Cuevas, was killed by the transnational gang MS-13 in 2016.
Sexual harassment accusations have scuttled an exhibition of the portraitist’s work. Museums are wrestling with the implications — not just for Mr. Close, but for centuries of artists.
The revelations have not only prompted personal reckonings but also fueled a larger debate on Hispanic and Native American identity.
Having survived a slump, shale drilling is surging as prices recover, limiting market upheaval and providing Washington with strategic leeway.
Expect a lot of boasting, but 3% growth is still nonsense
The show also wrestled with a host of social and political topics, including immigration, race and the #MeToo movement.
The Swedish entrepreneur practiced thrift and diligence, and he portrayed those traits as the basis for Ikea’s success.
Florida passed a law to protect “any person” who was acting in self-defense. Was that meant to include the police?
Priscilla Clark and Jeff Chen get all O. Henry on us.
Dakari Johnson, a rookie center for the Oklahoma City Thunder, is a result of generations of hard work and big dreams.
The doctor’s harrowing abuse of gymnasts fit a pattern among child molesters.
You can’t make a lasting bargain on immigration without a restrictionist at the table.
Some big companies, to butter up President Trump, are talking up modest pay raises for workers. But most gains will go to executives and investors.
The weather’s been stormy at the White House.
The Israeli occupation doesn’t explain everything. The 82-year-old Palestinian president must take responsibility for failure.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon tempt us with delicious cryptic cluing.
A man asks what the law says about his right to be naked in his own home.
The entrepreneur-turned-philanthropist and the best-selling author discuss their surprising bond, the challenge to improve the human condition and the quest to create the perfect toilet.
For the first time since the global economic downturn, there is a wave of expansion that is creating jobs, lifting fortunes and tempering fears of popular discontent.
Why is the nation’s public health agency ignoring patient needs?
During the Vietnam War, Beijing welcomed Vietnamese students as a way to to compete with Moscow for leadership of global communism.
Mark Diehl twists our brains.
Republicans prove that even paranoids have friends.
Consider the saga of the faith guru gone rogue.
Trump is a symptom, not a cause. That is why he will be hard to dislodge.
Our president isn’t a leader but a cheerleader. For the past.
Placing women in positions of leadership does not ensure they will always act to protect other women.
Recent growth doesn’t look very healthy.
As the special prosecutor gets closer, Congress needs to provide him real protection from the White House.
We encourage kids to trust doctors, but we should teach them that they can say no to something that makes them uneasy.
Nothing could have prepared me for the pain of telling the truth.
He says Food Policy Action’s lobbying efforts aren’t working; he’ll work instead to help elect “better” lawmakers.
More brewers are making beers inspired by the lambic style of Belgium, which uses microbes from the immediate surroundings to ferment each batch.
After Equifax’s security breach, consumers looked for ways to make the company pay. One option: Persuade employers not to give the company any data.
After years of living with stage IV cancer, I have some suggestions.
Readers describe the thrills and challenges of wintertime in the Far North.
C-sections can be lifesaving, but they increase the risk of subsequent miscarriages and other problems.
Another piece of damning evidence in an overwhelming case of obstruction.
Italy’s cooks have a long tradition of transforming vegetarian staples like potatoes and pasta into filling, fragrant one-pot meals.
The spinoff of “RuPaul’s Drag Race” returned for its third season on Thursday.
In a restrained speech, the president argued that his “America First” policies were consistent with the current global economic system.
A take on a Flemish carbonnade, this stew is braised in Belgian ale, which cuts through the sweetness of the golden-brown onions.
Our reporter stumbles across a black-and-white bit of serendipity, hidden in a book hidden in a library hidden in the basement of The New York Times.
New rentals and condos push west into the industrial fringe of the West 40s and West 50s.
Monday: Gov. Jerry Brown urges high-speed rail, new ways to get high on pot, a prison-break mystery, a mountain is named for a fallen Marine, and the best tacos.
Trump’s fellow Republicans have always been the key to a real Russia investigation.
I have Type 1 diabetes. The Whole30 diet, with no wheat, dairy or sugar, made my blood sugar levels perfect.
Friday: BroadwayCon from the stars’ perspective, weekend events, and the Grammy Awards return.
It’s harder to protect yourself when the sick person is living inside your house. But certain measures may help.
We rigged up a hook in our bedroom where we could hang the magical DIY baby swing. Our baby would finally sleep like a baby.
The president doesn’t threaten the religious right’s traditional values. He embodies them.
A short film about a mother who navigates racial tensions that flare up around her son’s wish to kneel during the national anthem, and her own wish to have a Confederate monument removed.
Shareholders sometimes bristle at rules enforced by co-op boards, but if a board oversteps or works against owner interests, there is little recourse.
CBS airs the latest Star Trek spinoff on its paid subscription service. But how many are we supposed to buy? This fan says no. For now.
What should the generational group after millennials be named?
After my mother died, my father bought back the beloved boat they had sailed on together years before. A trip with him was full of memories and moonrises.
Victoria Sweet’s memoir, “Slow Medicine,” suggests that a more methodical approach to medical care would benefit everyone involved.
He really doesn’t get enough respect.
What do recent trends tell us about the state and fate of democracy?
What do you think this image is saying?
The president ordered the firing last June as he first learned that the special counsel might be investigating whether he had obstructed justice.
What one philosopher says about men.
The Trump administration makes war on solar power.
She may wind up doing more to upend expectations about first ladies than any of her more political, progressive predecessors.
Giving a stranger a lift on a rainy night in Brooklyn.
Roy Baizan has been chronicling the rock, punk, rap, trap and hip-hop scene in the Bronx, including shows produced by a new collective, Hydro Punk.
Some very wealthy people are serious about outsmarting mortality.
Our favorite student comments from last week, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
The discovery could rewrite the migration story of our species, pushing back by about 50,000 years when Homo sapiens were thought to have first left Africa.
With a year of Mr. Trump’s tenure completed, students can grade the president on his performance so far.
An experiment that produced false data sheds light on how German automakers financed scientific research to promote their political agenda.
A court exonerated Gil Roberts, ruling that his impassioned exchange of saliva with his medicated girlfriend probably caused his violation.
뉴욕타임스는 한국인들이 남북한의 ’올림픽 협력’에 대해 어떻게 생각하는지 듣고 싶습니다.
The Midwest capital city would seem to be a long shot for Amazon’s new headquarters, but its low costs and business-friendly climate might help its chances.
If Democrats want relief for young unauthorized immigrants, they would have to accept a border wall and restrictions on low-skilled immigrants joining their families in America.
Readers share their favorite recipes for the Canadian butter tart. 
The best values can be found hovering around $20. This price buys wines that are not merely sound, but exciting.
Curious about where the F.B.I.’s probe is headed? Or about our coverage of it? Our Washington investigations editor will respond.
Classroom ideas for confronting the questions and issues raised by this movement and its impact on our society.
Growing up in Taiwan, Chih Shen Hsu fell in love with a soup; when he grew up, he took over the restaurant, and brought its recipes to New York.
A new study shows how weight loss can affect our bodies on a cellular level.
Thursday: Advice for young journalists, female vaudevillians, and the marijuana debate.
Food has the potential to be some of the best medicine. But not the kind of sugar-laden drinks ubiquitous in hospitals.
Nothing is more personal than a name, especially a name only a handful of beloved people will ever use.
His successful deployment of “truthful hyperbole” has got people thinking.
There are two issues at stake in the Russia investigation: our nation’s sovereignty and our nation’s soul.
With a two-hour round-trip commute, finding a home within walking distance of Grand Central Terminal was a priority.
Visitors to the post-disaster island found many artists eager to help one another, and their communities.
The recent history of phat ka-phrao shows how a dish can persist even as its ingredients shift.
A slice of the public bucks popular sentiment for young undocumented immigrants, underscoring the conflicted feelings over the issue that has stymied Congress for years.
This film, part of Netflix’s docu-series “Dirty Money,” argues that the success the president used as a campaign plank was largely set dressing.
Are we taking gun violence more or less seriously today?
With President Trump heading to the World Economic Forum, Mr. Kimmel said he may not be ideal for a message of openness.
Jo&#227;o Pina&#8217;s photographs of Rio de Janeiro show how life remained a struggle for many residents during Brazil&#8217;s boom years. His book&#8217;s title? &#8220;46570,&#8221; a reference to the number of murders in the city in the decade...
What is at stake as lawmakers debate a resolution about DACA?
What story could this image tell?
“Text neck” is becoming a medical issue suffered by countless people, and the way we hang our heads has other health risks, too.
In a series that is told in reverse chronological order, Andrew Cunanan stalks his final victim, the designer Gianni Versace.
Bouncing with Alex Eaton-Salners.
Dead students, immigrants — only one seems to be a problem.
Lou Anna Simon, who has come under fire because of the university’s ties to Dr. Lawrence G. Nassar, has worked at the school for more than four decades.
The Justice Department rebuked an effort by House Republicans to undermine the Russia investigation by pushing to release a memo said to accuse the F.B.I. of abusing its power.
For one, it’s not a good idea to use the word “legacy” in asking about the California governor’s, um, legacy.
Through proxies, the mayor and the governor fought over a $1 billion proposal to add amenities to 33 subway stations. In the end, the mayor’s side won the day.
As President Trump touts a more aggressive approach to trade, other countries are moving on with deals that do not include the United States.
President Trump once again seemed to undercut his administration’s message, saying that he would allow the young illegal immigrants to “morph into” citizens over a period of time.
Former Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico, a longtime friend of Myanmar’s leader, quit an advisory panel on the Rohingya crisis, calling it a “cheerleading squad.”
Gov. Jerry Brown, 79, says his time in public life is almost over: “I think it’s getting close to the end.”
In some ways the appointment of a venture capitalist as interim mayor exemplified a battle for the soul of the city. But contradictions abound.
The emotional strain of confronting a mass shooting can be magnified in a community where the faces are familiar and police and medical resources are limited.
We might direct assistance to the millions of Americans whose suffering is as bad as that of poor people in Africa or Asia.
The talk in Davos isn’t about enriching the lives of just the top 1 percent.
President Trump said he was willing to speak under oath to the special counsel, appearing to conflate
All of the seats at the front of the M4 were occupied, except for one that had a black leather jacket on it.
Bolstered by newfound economic strength, European leaders, steered by the French president, Emmanuel Macron, are pledging to further integrate the continent.
American military officials fear the makeshift camps may repeat a security mistake of the Iraq war even as they have sought to avoid any major responsibility for addressing it.
Channeling Donald Trump’s id to the World Economic Forums’s egos.
Rising sea levels are forcing the country of Kiribati to make difficult choices.
Historically, products made for people with different physical, cognitive and sensory abilities have been ugly and woefully designed. Not anymore.
Eight of the 10 nominated actresses this year are over 40. And almost none play a character you would want to cross.
The decision could bar former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva from running for a third term in October, but he is expected to fight for the right to appear on the ballot.
Researchers have created a tiny robot, small enough to navigate a stomach or urinary system, that one day may be used to deliver drugs inside the body.
“Birds of a Feather” at the Met Museum highlights Joseph Cornell’s infatuation with a Cubist masterwork by Juan Gris.
Dr. Nassar, the former U.S.A. Gymnastics and Michigan State team doctor, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sexual abuse.
Nearly 700,000 adults in the country have been subjected to this harmful practice.
Danai Gurira, Jocelyn Bioh, Mfoniso Udofia and Ngozi Anyanwu share first-generation stories. “You can complain about how your culture is depicted,” says Ms. Anyanwu, “or you can do it yourself.”
The Mate 10 Pro from Huawei, the Chinese manufacturer, has a great camera and better battery life than competitors. But American carriers aren’t selling it.
The Upper East Side apartment of the influential designers will list for $6.5 million.
Nicholas Casey, Andes bureau chief for The Times, discussed the benefits of technology in many South American countries — and why Google Maps isn’t the best tool there.
It is a buyer’s market in this Canadian city, where there are many homes available and fewer foreign buyers than in Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal.
Wednesday: Counting the homeless in L.A., a novelist’s take on Montecito, California’s Olympians, and your thoughts on surfing as the state sport.
A midcentury-modern house in Fort Lauderdale, an 18th-century Colonial in Litchfield County and a condominium in a 1947 Art Deco building in Oakland.
Military families that moved to areas with high obesity rates tended to gain weight themselves.
I was struck by the Griffin family’s willingness to share the painful details of their son’s drug addiction and to be publicly identified.
Twenty-four years after a rival was bashed in the knee, the disgraced figure skater is back in the spotlight. This time, she’s not necessarily the villain.
Starting to see the value in family-friendly benefits for hourly workers, too, although big disparities remain.
Wednesday: Making snow for Winter Jam, Lao cuisine classes, and cheap Off Broadway tickets.
What happens inside our bodies when we work out.
To some, they’re sacred. To others, they’re just dust.
My anxiety severely limits what I can do in my life. Should I consider myself disabled?
Mr. Kimmel said that the president didn’t seem interested in creating an orderly work environment at the White House.
A little over an hour’s commute from the city, Garrison offers residents panoramic views and a range of cultural and recreational options.
As allegations of sexual exploitations pile up, the industry has absorbed the critiques and converted them into inspirational messaging and branding exercises.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on forming a relationship with the child you gave away and the practice of making marriage a reparation for rape.
Who smokes marijuana anymore? Because of more sophisticated marketing, people can now vape it, eat it, drink it and apply it, leading to an explosion in sales.
The reality-television competition that began nine years ago has evolved to reflect an era fixated on gender and identity — and the boundary-pushing spirit of its star.
The CNN correspondent on sexual harassment in media, global gender equality and Trump’s attacks on the press.
What are healthy ways you can express and relieve suffering when facing tragedy?
What are the complexities surrounding the debate about e-cigarettes and teenage smoking?
Which films do you hope will win an award?
Demands for better treatment are clashing with a male-dominated culture and an authoritarian system that tightly controls free speech.
Kathy Wienberg tells us where it’s at.
To mollify Turkey, the White House said it was easing off its support for the Syrian Kurds, while the Pentagon said they were a critical partner in the war against the Islamic State.
Representative Patrick Meehan denied any impropriety, and said that he was emotionally wounded when a former aide filed a complaint against him.
Members of the bipartisan group that intervened to bring the shutdown to an end hope the push for an immigration bill can reignite opportunity for debate.
With emotions still hot over the government shutdown, Senate negotiators found themselves back at Square 1 in their efforts to strike an immigration deal.
The company will be taking part in the suppression of freedoms abroad while espousing high-minded values at home.
A deadly 2016 glacier collapse in Tibet surpassed scientists’ expectations — until it happened again. They worry it’s only the beginning.
Corporations like AT&T are doing more to reckon with the abuse than the sport’s governing body.
At a solar farm in North Carolina, workers are bracing for the effect of a new tariff on imported solar cells and modules.
As a businessman, Donald J. Trump never felt respected by the elites who shunned him. Now as president, he commands attention, if not admiration.
Bad predictions of inflation are good for your career.
Climate change is adding to Iran’s disruptions.
The president’s trade move could backfire with his working-class base.
In a scathing opinion, a federal appeals court blamed the whole system — judges, defense lawyers, prosecutors, even a court reporter — for the delay.
It’s the Patriots — again — and a metaphor for Trump’s America.
A passing tribute in Midtown Manhattan.
Not being able to watch a football game is a problem. But not having a strategy is a bigger problem.
Ms. Le Guin brought literary elegance and a feminist sensibility to science fiction and fantasy tales, drawing millions of readers around the world.
None of the remaining competitors for the $20 million award will be able to get off the ground by March 31, a deadline that had already been extended multiple times.
The Trump administration’s bid to keep soldiers there indefinitely flouts the Constitution’s intent to give only Congress the power to declare war.
Gov. Philip D. Murphy signed an executive order aimed at loosening the state’s restrictive medical marijuana policies put in place by former Gov. Chris Christie.
The city is suing Big Pharma drug companies over the opioid crisis, two weeks after filing a suit against oil companies over climate change costs.
The beloved ballet, selections from which will be performed by the New York Philharmonic this week, left the composer broken.
Mark Ladner’s Pasta Flyer and Nick Anderer’s Martina aim for everyday Italian cuisine that’s actually about the food.
Three weeks after President Emmanuel Macron’s overhaul of French labor rules went into effect, a wave of downsizing appears to be on the horizon.
Whether they dazzle or intrigue, these desserts always work in a carefully thought-out way that defies the flashy concoctions on Instagram.
A report from the National Academy of Sciences said that e-cigarettes are safer than smoking, but not quite safe, and may cause teens to take up tobacco.
Doctors can be excessively blunt; others say nothing at all. Either can result in confusion and suffering.
Rail bosses have sidelined the Teesside Airport rail station for years, but retain the zombie station that symbolizes the dysfunctions of Britain’s transportation network.
From his Bed-Stuy loft, Takayuki Echigoya sews about 25 pairs a month, using antique sewing machines. The sought-after jeans cost $480 to $650 each.
When two students were killed by gunfire in Benton, Ky., Tuesday morning, it was at least the 11th shooting so far this year on school property.
The attorney general, as well as James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director, were questioned in the inquiry into Russia’s election interference and whether President Trump obstructed justice.
Tuesday: A swan song from the governor, a tsunami watch for the coast, a billionaire’s push to impeach the president, Minnie Mouse, and two Hollywood signs.
With tens of thousands of New Yorkers homeless, Mayor Bill de Blasio laid out a “vision” of 90 new shelters, including 20 in 2017. Only 10 have opened.
For more than a week, Judge Rosemarie Aquilina has cleared her docket to let more than 100 young athletes make statements about Dr. Nassar, accused of sexually abusing them.
Tuesday: Exploring Sunset Park, the Indie Theater One Minute Play Festival, and readers discuss bike lanes.
What makes a space comfortable and welcoming? A lot of small changes that are easy to make.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved a first-of-its-kind treatment to rid patients of these unsightly lesions.
The nation’s security forces tried for decades to kill the P.L.O. leader. Now, former officials tell the story of how they failed — and how far they almost went to succeed.
For a private-jet broker, success is all about knowing who’s who in the world’s 0.0001 percent.
Tom Steyer, a major Democratic donor, has become one of President Trump’s most visible antagonists, firing up angry Democrats and unnerving his own party with the ferocity of his efforts.
Critics register their objections whenever some cultural product gets an upscale makeover. But the grand flow of capital cares little about culture.
The actor Ethan Hawke is among those who can afford pricey gyms but are eschewing them for the good ol’ Y.M.C.A. and its ilk.
Foreign self-help advice for American strivers: French tips on geriatric sex and generic charm, plus Swedish and Japanese hints on achieving serenity.
Books that reveal the process of making glamorous productions on stage and screen.
Are there any races, ethnicities, genders, body types or other types of people and life experiences that you think are especially underrepresented in movies?
The pioneer of South African jazz came to the forefront of the country’s music in the 1950s as a member of the Jazz Epistles, gaining international fame after moving to the United States in 1960.
A collection of images showcases the intensity of the Gold Rush in the 19th century, around the same time the daguerreotype enjoyed a similar surge in popularity. Some of the images evoke a certain Brooklyn demographic.
What details make the Amazon Go store different from a traditional grocery store?
Guillermo del Toro’s fantasy led the nominations, including one for best picture. “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” and “Dunkirk” also emerged as strong contenders.
Mr. Musk agreed to stay as chief executive for 10 years, with compensation tied to $50 billion leaps in Tesla’s valuation. Otherwise, he makes zero.
Why do you think people, and especially teenagers, are attracted to internet challenges, even when they can be dangerous?
Here are a few ways for patients and their doctors to address the disorder, ranging from most to least widely used.
Voters are getting tired of the chancellor’s opaque, uninspiring political style.
TNT’s first proper foray into the prestige-TV scrum is stunning in its scope. But can it stand apart from all the other serial-killer period dramas?
Jim Hilger makes himself comfortable.
With the government shutdown, they followed a brilliant plan to turn midterm-election success into failure.
Senate Democrats believe they are limiting damage from a political miscalculation by surrendering, but doing so has drawn a fierce backlash from the left.
Turkish forces continued their attack on the Kurds, America’s closest ally in the war on the Islamic State, with the apparent blessing of Moscow.
Bringing together 1,500 artists across the internet, the global digital art festival known as The Wrong is a democratic alternative to the often elitist system of fairs. Here’s a quick tour through its treasures.
With a promise that lawmakers would soon take up immigration, Congress approved a short-term spending bill to reopen the government after a brief but heated shutdown.
In ending the shutdown, the Democrats find the riskiest way to play it safe.
Now Donald Trump and the Republicans must do right by the Dreamers.
Cryptocurrencies could lead to significant losses in tax revenue.
A judge in Queens could rule as soon as Tuesday on whether to exclude evidence from trial on the basis of a questionable stop.
The budget process is not really about budgeting anymore. It’s about partisan warfare.
Victor Barocas and Andy Kravis swap ideas.
The past year has been an emotional roller coaster. Did it feel long, or did the time fly by? It depends.
Women will follow Clinton’s lead right into the White House.
Children don’t live in a bubble, so why do we try to shelter them from conflict?
In shattering comforting fictions about how things work in America, he’s made us face our country’s lack of decency and shame. Finally.
The president’s universe is a place of dread, not deals.
Romance novels taught me that sexual pleasure was something women could not just hope for but insist upon.
Our president is an authoritarian in his Twitter feed and nowhere else.
An ideological movement hasn’t taken over the party — yet.
Representative Patrick Meehan, a Republican member of the House Ethics Committee, used taxpayer money to pay a former aide who had seen him as a father figure before he made unwanted advances.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon steer us through this week’s acrostic.
What does Hope Hicks do, exactly? Vast amounts of emotional labor.
With the government shut down and the two parties faulting each other, senators from both parties were looking for an agreement to end the crisis.
If the radiator hisses so loudly you can’t sleep, does the landlord have to fix it?
Immigration policy, the issue that propelled President Trump’s political rise, snarled negotiations to avert a government shutdown.
A small movement with an ungainly name, cohousing, is appealing to more people of retirement age — and younger — who no longer want to be isolated.
In a Facebook Live chat, four retired Times staff members described their dramatic 1971 retreat to a Midtown hotel to focus on preparing the Pentagon Papers.
Hebron is a town of ghosts.
Springsteen name-checks it in “Born in the U.S.A.” But what was it all about, anyway?
The scorching temperatures at the year’s first tennis major are hurting players and cheating spectators.
Alex Vratsanos takes us all over the place.
Americans want statesmanship, not schadenfreude.
Despite campaign promises to keep the United States out of foreign conflicts, the president appears to be digging in for the long haul in Syria.
Was my father’s leftover stuff the key to who he really was?
President Trump’s third attempt to impose restrictions on travel from predominantly Muslim nations will face a test in the Supreme Court this spring.
Sweet citruses and bitter chicories together make bright, juicy, seasonal winter salads.
The Olympic gymnasts Jordyn Wieber and Aly Raisman are among dozens of women speaking in a Michigan court this week about sexual abuse from the former team doctor.
Roasted bananas and toasted coconut add sweetness and crunch to this indulgent layer cake.
In his own wild way, this president is as truthful and transparent as they come.
The effect is especially evident in smokers, the obese and those who exercise infrequently.
Baltimore’s crime problem has a host of seemingly intractable causes. Will an insider be able to fix what an outsider could not?
Posting a bad review is one thing, but what if a host calls you a bad guest? Would that make you crazy or push you to be a better version of yourself?
Friday: A new wildfire threat, the L.A. Times’s chief executive is accused of inappropriate behavior, the millionaire-exodus scenario and surfing as the official state sport.
The government shut down at midnight after lawmakers failed to reach an agreement on a spending bill in time.
A doctor has developed an advance directive specifically to plan for medical care in the event of dementia.
For 30 years, black travelers navigating the swamp of Jim Crow laws relied on guides to find safe places. Derrick Adams conjures their experiences in art.
The Social Democratic Party votes on Sunday on whether to pursue a new government. A refusal could send Germans back to the polls and usher in months more uncertainty.
Senator Richard Durbin of Illinois discusses how President Trump’s racially charged comments led to a showdown over keeping the government open.
Friday: A local and global rally, your weekend lineup, and a story told in sand.
Mushrooms are a “powerhouse of nutrition” and not a white food to be avoided, said one nutritionist.
Senators from both parties were scrambling for a new deal to reopen the government quickly, possibly just hours after the midnight deadline passed.
My grandmother wrapped the branch in a damp cloth and hid it in her black coat. “If the ficus takes root here then I’ll take root too,” she said.
This monarch has control over the crown jewels of America’s public land. They are not in safe hands.
You doubt climate change? Come to this island — but hurry, before it disappears.
The National Rifle Association is now part of the Russia investigation.
Distrust of the government's intentions toward noncitizens may be hard to overcome, research suggests, and political developments have increased levels of distrust.
How are footballs made? An inside look from a longtime employee of the Wilson Sporting Goods factory in Ada, Ohio.
More than half of the day care centers in New York City are home-based, which means toddlers often get dropped off in residential buildings.
During an annual count of homeless people on the streets of New York, decoys, many of whom were once homeless, help gauge the accuracy of the count.
Neel Mukherjee’s “State of Freedom” offers five interconnected stories set in India and exploring the lives of the unmoored.
California, with its vulnerable Republicans in Congress, is ground zero for the Democratic plan to take back the House. President Trump may be making those efforts easier.
This sentence is like a parlor game: You can apply its structure to nearly everything.
Movies misuse music all the time. The Taraji P. Henson vehicle “Proud Mary” misuses it hilariously.
In an interview, Senator Richard J. Durbin says President Trump’s private immigration comments shed new light on his policy motivations.
Andre Twendele survived a firing squad and years in a refugee camp. He won a visa and left his wife in the camp to prepare for her arrival in America. Then Trump was elected.
Is social isolation a significant enough issue that the government should intervene?
Who is your art twin?
What cooking traditions do you and your family have?
We’ve entered new territory. This isn’t how negotiation works.
David Kahn offers an additional challenge in his Friday puzzle.
Dael Orlandersmith’s new play explores the lives — both black and white — left behind in the wake of the 2014 police shooting in Ferguson.
Moira Donegan sits down for her first on-camera interview since revealing her identity as the woman behind the spreadsheet.
By lowering rates, the law reduces the value of tax credits that have been crucial to rental projects nationwide, with the effect being felt already.
Once again, Trump and Congress cannot perform a basic task, preventing a government shutdown.
President Trump’s public airing of grievances with John Kelly was perhaps an inevitable clash between two temperamentally similar but philosophically different alpha males.
New York could become the first U.S. city with a pay-to-drive system. Trucks and for-hire vehicles would cost more, but key bridges would stay free.
Touch comes with risks, as shown by the well-publicized Aziz Ansari date.
Bill Cosby’s retrial on sexual assault charges will unfold in a different America, where judge and jury have seen the power of multiple accounts by women.
Toronto is the only city outside the United States on Amazon’s list. Its mayor credited Canada’s open approach to immigration and strong support for education.
Now Republicans are threatening to blow up children’s health care.
The decision makes it likely the 2018 elections will be held using districts favorable to Republicans. But more decisions on gerrymandering are coming.
The Museum of Modern Art is screening digital restorations of the format that paved the way for wide-screen films.
Imagine her dismay when the found the store was going out of business.
New data indicates that perfectionism, especially when influenced by social media, has increased by 33 percent since 1989.
The opaque world of the global maritime industry makes it exceedingly difficult to prevent North Korea from obtaining oil, despite sanctions.
Cheney Orr knew that Alzheimer&#8217;s would take his father away. Photography helped him get to know the man.
Readers are sharply divided on whether running letters from Trump voters led to “better understanding” or was a misguided waste of space.
Two readers express their disappointment in his presidency.
After a teenager successfully alerted the authorities to her family’s dark secret, her parents, David A. Turpin and Louise A. Turpin, were charged with dozens of counts of torture and abuse.
Matt Pace, who grew up in New Orleans East, prepares beignets, jambalaya, gumbo and, of course, po’ boys at his Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, cafe.
Samuel Adams and Sierra Nevada are producing versions of the hoppy, hazy New England ales that are all the rage. But they run some risks.
Lovingly prepared home cooking in a hip Melbourne neighborhood.
Thom Browne’s school-themed tundra, giant masks at Comme des Garçons — and more.
Trump’s promises are worthless, and America will pay the price.
Seeing the perfect champagne highlights and seizing an opportunity.
The Trump administration said it would impose steep tariffs on imports, the first major step by the administration to erect the kind of barriers the president frequently threatened.
Although Democrats will probably pick up a few additional seats in this year’s election, the development is less helpful for them than it might at first appear.
Over the 23-year period of a new study, the rate of eye injuries caused by nonpowder guns increased by 168.8 percent. Experts advise eye protection.
The company is being absorbed by Uber Eats, the restaurant delivery app operated by Uber.
Companies are announcing bonuses as a result of the tax cuts but it remains to be seen how much of that money will filter through to workers in the years to come.
Sometimes coming home is the hardest move of all.
Shutdowns and stopgaps are no way to deal with the Dreamers or any other aspect of our immigration policy.
No stranger to standing up to power or the police, Jumaane D. Williams mulls a run for lieutenant governor despite opposition from Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo.
Elevators in a high-security area of Lower Manhattan would provide access to disabled subway riders, but residents fear they’ll be used by terrorists.
Mrs. Fraley’s connection to Rosie was made public in 2016, ending years of speculation over who was the model for the fictional 1940s war worker.
When we solicited questions last month for our new publisher, A. G. Sulzberger, our readers responded in droves — to the tune of some 2,500 submissions. Here are his responses.
A photographer who kicked her OxyContin addiction fights on the front lines against the scourge that recalls H.I.V. And she has begun to draw a response.
Women who have had gestational diabetes have an increased risk not only for Type 2 diabetes later in life, but for heart disease and hypertension as well.
State bills on lightning-rod social issues are getting noticeably less impetus this year, as elections loom and state leaders try to attract business investment.
After years of delay, the Falcon Heavy — a beefed-up version of SpaceX’s workhorse Falcon 9 — could launch in the weeks ahead.
Ahmed Saadawi’s novel, set in U.S.-occupied Iraq, is an ingenious updating of Mary Shelley’s classic.
As more victims read statements about abuse at the hands of Dr. Lawrence G. Nassar, top officials for the federation’s board announced they would step down.
Gordon Edelstein made unwelcome advances and crude remarks about women, lesbians and nuns, according to current and former employees. He has been placed on leave.
“I’ll Drink to That” has become an invaluable archive for those interested in some of the great characters and personalities in wine.
Don’t expect fireworks from this soberly sensible orchestra, coming to Carnegie Hall this week. It’s an understated celebration.
The legislative branch needs to assert itself in the face of presidential chaos.
Make up a smothered chicken, with braised greens and mashed potatoes, or even just eat ramen and bake something amazing.
The House gave final approval to a measure that would fund the federal government for another three weeks, ending a three-day old government shutdown.
A lot of people could do with a little more health and financial literacy, not just Medicaid recipients. But linking it to retaining medical eligibility may not make sense.
This month’s spotlight is on constructor Patrick Berry.
New England and the Philadelphia Eagles will meet in Minneapolis for Super Bowl LII on Feb. 4. Yet their dominance makes it feel more like a Patriots show.
Monday: Hundreds of thousands of marchers across the state, the cleanup continues after the Montecito mudslides, and frightening truths about the flu.
The vice president promised the quicker-than-expected move during a visit to Israel’s Parliament, where Arab lawmakers staged a protest and were removed.
Couples that figure out how to rebuild after infidelity, rather than divorcing, often end up with stronger relationships, experts say.
Monday: Food critics talk shop, African-inspired fiber art, and building more bike lanes.
There’s been a lot of finger-pointing between Republicans and Democrats, and the future of young undocumented immigrants hangs in the balance.
The benefits of the booming stock market go overwhelmingly to the wealthy. Meanwhile, job growth and wage increases are only modest.
It is neither true nor false. Perhaps that’s what we like about it.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
A musician who has lived with no heat or hot water and in places where animals scrabbled in the walls is glad to have a cozy room and four roommates.
As the World Economic Forum convenes in Davos, the powerful are feeling optimistic because of waning worries about populism and global economic growth.
Through images and interviews, Brian Cohen and his collective of photographers tell the stories of the immigrants of the city.
What, according to the article, is “the likeliest path to reopening the government”?
Among Persian Gulf states, Qatar was the picked-on little sibling. Gas riches and an independent-minded ruling family changed that. Now it’s in the fight of its life.
The best trick to increase productivity is both the simplest one and one of the most difficult to master: just getting started.
Police officers quickly extinguished the fire as Hyon Song-wol, a famous North Korean singer, was visiting to plan events during the Olympics.
Have you been watching the N.F.L. playoffs? Will you watch the Super Bowl? What is your opinion of the sport over all?
When you escape your life at 45, as in a Thelma and Louise-level escape, you go on a road trip. The writer and her best friends of 25 years picked Marfa, the artist hub in the middle of the West Texas desert, as their destination. 
Keys, a 22-year-old American seeded 17th, overwhelmed Caroline Garcia to continue a dominant run in Melbourne. She will face Angelique Kerber next.
Democrats struggle with a president who says he wants to compromise but then is reined in by his own staff, while Republican leaders are loath to guess at his intentions.
This week’s episode gave us the biggest plot twist of the season.
The last time a Hispanic actor was nominated for an Academy Award was 2012 and, according to a study, only 3 percent of speaking characters in films are Latino.
Óscar Pérez, the police officer who commandeered a helicopter and called on Venezuelans to rise up, spoke with The Times in the days and hours before he was killed.
In his Inaugural Address, President Trump promised to upend the money-grubbing culture of the capital. It’s only gotten worse.
Every day a mountainside looming over Interstate 82 and the Yakima River slips another few inches. Experts believe it will collapse, but they don’t know when.
A tactical retreat could help put the focus back on economic issues.
Donald Trump proved himself woefully inept at making tough deals.
Tom Brady’s injured throwing hand caused much concern for Patriots fans, but he engineered yet another comeback in a victory over the Jaguars that sent New England to the Super Bowl.
We are real people, not a bunch of demographic characteristics.
Forces crossed the Syrian border in an assault on an isolated Kurdish area, straining relations with Washington and raising international concerns.
A little too quick to spring into action on the subway.
Paolo Pasco fades away.
Creating a single token requires as much electricity as two years’ worth of consumption by an average American home. Some enthusiasts believe that’s a problem.
The superstar tenor appeared at Carnegie Hall on Saturday night, winning cheers despite vocal glitches.
Thousands of federal employees will be furloughed Monday morning even as the outlines of a potential compromise came into focus.
With the closing of plants like a 126-year-old G.E. factory, many in Peterborough, Ontario, scoff at the idea that Nafta benefits only Canada and Mexico.
Joseph Percoco, a former adviser and close friend to Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, goes on trial on corruption charges in Manhattan.
The technology inside Amazon’s new convenience store, opening Monday in downtown Seattle, enables a shopping experience like no other — including no checkout lines. 
The Alliance Theater has brought “Native Guard” to an Atlanta history museum in the thick of debate about Confederate monuments and the South’s past.
A Senate committee hearing on border security turned into a fight over how President Trump described some countries. And Stephen Bannon is subpoenaed in the Russia investigation.
Wednesday: Expert insight on the virus, a dicey commute, and looking ahead to the Women’s March.
Bones could be much more intimately involved in tracking weight and controlling appetite than was previously known.
As a former military psychiatrist, I worry that the president would fail the military’s mental health standards.
The presidency may be racist, but it’s gender that’s the essential Trump-era divide.
A less expensive alternative to many New York City suburbs, Hackensack is building additional housing in an effort to attract millennials.
The State Department notified hundreds of Yemenis they could enter the United States, but when the travel ban went into effect, they were rejected.
“RuPaul’s Drag Race” has made stars of its contestants, catapulting many into full-fledged careers. But for some who have yet to catch this wave, drag is still an uncertain labor of love.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether being “on the spectrum” should be grounds for affirmative action, donating to a losing campaign and more.
On female rage.
Apple gave us the modern smartphone. Now, it can create a new take on the device by encouraging us to use it more deliberately — and a lot less.
In “Off the Charts,” Ann Hulbert examines the lives of child prodigies, who often fail to sustain their accomplishments into adulthood.
It’s easy to point fingers at those who enable terrible people — and much more uncomfortable to consider the ways we all might be responsible.
The “Shark Tank” star on running for office in Canada, not glamorizing entrepreneurship and whether his co-stars deserve to burn in hell for being too nice.
Public universities grapple with balancing freedom of expression — even hate speech — with providing safe campuses.
Or should business leaders stay out of politics and social issues?
Why has the split between Women’s March and March On not dampened the enthusiasm for commemorating the anniversary?
The White House physician on Tuesday said President Trump was in excellent health, physically and mentally. That was not the news Mr. Noah had expected.
What do you think this image is saying?
Athletes have said that they were sexually abused by the team doctor at the national training center in Texas, and Simone Biles said she dreads returning there. She shouldn’t have to.
Jules Markey warms us up for the late week puzzles.
If the argument seems to amount to a distinction without a difference, neither the White House nor its allies have acknowledged it.
Technology is advancing by leaps and bounds.
But will Mark Zuckerberg be any good at social engineering?
A new legal challenge represents the sharpest test yet at the prison of America’s commitment to fundamental principles of due process.
With no immigration deal in sight, Republicans are eyeing a stopgap bill to keep the government open past Friday, sweetening it with an extension of the child health program.
The Berlin-based company GmbH, which showed its fall/winter 2018 collection in Paris this week, takes inspiration from uniforms of all kinds.
The arrest of the former officer, Jerry Chun Shing Lee, 53, capped an intense F.B.I. investigation that began around 2012 after the C.I.A. began losing its agents in China.
On Tuesday, Andy Byford started what will undoubtedly be his most challenging transportation job yet as president of the New York City Transit system.
President Trump has not yet approved a draft strategy that would expand “extreme circumstances” for nuclear retaliation to include a crippling cyberattack.
A last day together at the Bronx Zoo.
Mothers who breast-feed may be at reduced risk of diabetes, a new study reports.
The first season of our video series, Conception, explored what it’s like to become a mother. Now we’re looking for new stories from all types of parents.
But President Trump could benefit from more exercise and losing weight, the presidential physician said after Mr. Trump’s annual physical.
The story behind the making of Neil Sheehan’s Vietnam War opus.
David A. Turpin created the school at his nondescript home southeast of Los Angeles. But what the authorities found inside were his emaciated children chained to furniture.
There’s no honor or wisdom in cozying up to this president.
There is a precedent for letting states impose work requirements on the poor for medical coverage. It bodes ill for public health.
Five months after declaring its interest in hosting the 2026 World Cup, Morocco hasn’t said much about how it proposes to stage the world’s most-watched sporting event.
Found on the same stretch of Jackson Heights, where momos are a common language, Amdo Kitchen and Potala offer a simple warmth in deep cold.
The president’s dealings with these important institutions have ranged from out-of-touch to outright bizarre.
New research suggests a strong link between genes, dietary fat and prostate cancer.
Though better known for ice wines, the regions near Lake Ontario produce gorgeous dry wines, and their potential is only beginning to be explored.
A small and hardy group of Torontonians lives on island parkland in the middle of North America’s fourth-largest city, with coyotes and ice boats.
As the country grapples with a troubled past, a new generation of cooks and scholars is reclaiming and spreading the cuisine of its ancestors.
The move marks the first time the special counsel is known to have used a grand jury subpoena to seek information from a member of President Trump’s inner circle.
Kissa Tanto, a dolled-up setting for Italian food with Japanese influences, is part of a respectful revival in the city’s Chinatown.
Tuesday: Worries over the rainy season, a prickly first debate in the governor’s race, and the clogged 101.
America spent billions on new bridges, ports, airfields and highways in Vietnam.
Changing minds on vaccination is very difficult, but it isn’t so important when a law can change behavior. 
The generic townhouse in Carroll Gardens was nothing special. But now it’s family friendly, with surprising details.
President Trump disparaged Haiti and some African countries in a meeting last week, and late-night hosts won’t let him forget it.
In an exclusive interview, the (former) novelist shares his thoughts on Trump, #MeToo and retirement.
Sebastian Hidalgo documents Pilsen, the old Chicago neighborhood where he grew up, hoping to capture the community before it is altered by rapid gentrification.
How did the false alarm happen? How did the state goverment respond afterwards?
Roundworm eggs, shed by stray dogs, can be ingested by children playing outside. The worm’s larvae have been found in the brain, experts say, perhaps impairing development.
Do you agree with some that, since Donald Trump became president, America is ”slipping into an earlier, uglier version of itself”?
Laurence Fink, the chief executive of BlackRock, the $6 trillion investment firm, plans to tell C.E.O.s in a letter that businesses must serve a social purpose.
David Steinberg vents his spleen.
His microscopic approval rating, after years of scandal and neglect, is a clear sign that, whatever he thinks, few are sorry to see him go.
The Senate is poised to approve significant changes to the post-crisis financial law. Some moderate Democrats are supporting the effort, even as their progressive colleagues warn that it’s too risky.
The Trump administration says its actions show the price of employing workers illegally, a message being felt keenly among the workers themselves.
The Victorian-era philosopher is a hero of democracy.
The fight over President Trump’s vulgar comment is exposing divisions in both parties, raising the risk of a government shutdown with unknown political consequences.
How did a movement for women’s empowerment become an emblem for female helplessness?
Trumpism is an all-out attack on the values that made America great.
Trump’s sexual license has turned the culture wars upside down.
A 17-year-old girl escaped from her home in Riverside County, Calif., to report that her parents were holding their children against their will.
A topic of conversation on the M104.
The accusations surrounding Senator Jeffrey Klein show Albany’s odd form of self-policing and its ability to shrug off scandals.
Women’s March Inc., which organized the event in Washington, has encouraged more protests. But a new group is focused on winning elections, especially in red states.
A new bill will close the gap between what our criminal justice system says and what it does.
A switch from the Cyrillic to Roman script is wildly popular in Kazakhstan. But in a country where almost nobody challenges the president, his policy on apostrophes is being assailed from all sides.
Vocalists delivered welcome surprises during the 100-plus-set NYC Winter Jazzfest Marathon, from Claudia Acuña to Sara Serpa to Jazzmeia Horn.
Ms. O’Riordan’s voice, high and breathy but more determined than fragile, lent an unmistakable sound to songs like the hits “Linger” and “Zombie.”
Should the last of the church-run Magdalene Laundries for “fallen women” be razed, or should the building in Dublin be saved as a memorial to those who suffered?
Grief is not a problem to be solved or resolved. Rather, it’s a process to be lived through in whatever form and amount of time it may take.
Familial resolutions need to be made over and over again. But that’s the great thing about family life: You get all those fresh starts.
During an epidemic, self-delusion won’t reduce the viral load.
Adults also need to get vaccinated to provide herd immunity for others, especially babies and older people. 
Whether they’re holding fruit, mail or nothing at all, eye-catching bowls add polish to a room.
Whether you’re starting out or looking to stay motivated at home, we’re here to help.
We must stop debating an obvious point and decide what to do about it.
Maybe these are the good old days (Uber aside).
Agnes Davidson and Zhouqin Burnikel pay tribute to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Even with his political career at ebb tide, the departing New Jersey governor’s knack for making news never failed him.
Senator David Perdue, who attended the White House meeting, said Senator Richard J. Durbin’s account of President Trump’s language was a “gross misrepresentation.”
Joel Fagliano puts roadblocks in our way.
What President Trump has in common with his supporters — and his opponents.
She was poised to lead and now is on the sidelines.
What to say to the newly bereaved instead of “I just don’t know what to say.”
He has proposed increasing the nuclear arsenal and the ways in which it can be used, and is threatening the Iran deal.
The introduction, 50 years ago, of a black character into the Schulz comic strip was a major social statement.
Neither the populists nor the philosophers are ready with alternatives.
The alert appeared on cellphones warning people to “seek immediate shelter,” and said, “This is not a drill.” The authorities said it was a false alarm.
Models and assistants described how Mr. Testino and Mr. Weber, two of the most prominent photographers in fashion, used their authority to engage in unwanted sexual behavior.
Paula Gamache returns and makes her appearance count.
A tenant who lives in a rent-stabilized apartment in Elmhurst, Queens, wonders how to negotiate a buyout.
At the same time that we were sifting through thousands of applications for a much-coveted Travel correspondent job, we were also reviewing hundreds of destination suggestions from contributors.
Many medical devices on the market have undergone no clinical testing at all.
A shortage of candidates is providing opportunities to people long shunned by employers and is forcing recruiters to consider new approaches to hiring.
How Brad Black and Susan Griffin-Black built EO Products into an all-natural skin care juggernaut despite getting a divorce along the way.
The revolution will be ushered in by young people who are also cryptocurrency millionaires. Oh wait, they may be broke already.
Hundreds of mining claims fall neatly outside the new boundaries of Bears Ears National Monument, and a Navajo town scarred by uranium is bracing for new woes.
Some squid sink to the ocean floor when they die, researchers found, and they may take a lot of carbon down there with them.
Alan Derkazarian brings us together.
No useful answers on immigration will come from a bigoted president with a warped view of the world, and his nation’s principles.
Next year, we’ll drill for oil in Norway.
I grew up using a latrine, alongside some of the most resilient, decent people I’ve ever encountered.
The food I encountered was a far cry from the Americanized pho and banh mi that we think of as “Vietnamese” today.
People from “holes” make America great, while Trump sinks into one.
Bring on the soup: Fluids will help diminish your headache and bolster your immune response.
Planning for conflict is more important than planning a wedding.
Cheap imports are becoming a threat to national security. He has the tools to respond. Will he use them?
When the night was over, he didn’t have enough cash to leave a tip.
Scientists identified bacteria that caused a mass die-off of the endangered antelopes in Kazakhstan in 2015. But the mechanism that made the bacteria so deadly is not understood.
John F. Kelly told Hispanic members of Congress on Wednesday that President Trump’s campaign promises have “evolved” on immigration.
A year into Trump’s presidency, we asked his voters for a progress report.
Parents can have difficulty distinguishing phone abuse from appropriate use.
The former member of the United States national team is taking an aggressive outsider approach in his campaign to be president of U.S. Soccer.
Less than four weeks after President Trump signed a new tax bill, Apple plans to repatriate the vast majority of its $252 billion in cash held abroad.
The wrongfully convicted have tried, and failed, to hold the New Orleans district attorney’s office accountable for breaking evidence rules. Now a lawsuit is citing 45 examples.
In “Why Liberalism Failed,” Patrick J. Deneen argues that mere tinkering will not address profound discontent with the political establishment.
A Democrat on Tuesday won a State Senate seat long held by Republicans in western Wisconsin, and some saw it as a sign of worry for Republicans in elections ahead.
Stephen K. Bannon, the president’s former chief strategist, will be interviewed by investigators for the special counsel rather than go in front of a grand jury.
With a reality TV star in the White House and ’90s nostalgia in full flower, the controversial 2003 musical about the famed talk show host arrives.
An Energy Department photographer says he was fired for exposing the coal industry’s influence with the Energy secretary.
It may seem like rules around sex have changed overnight, but feminists have been talking about this for a long time.
An equestrian estate in Knoxville, a townhouse in Chicago and a retreat on the north shore of Kauai.
The agreement is a milestone in inter-Korean sports relations, and Seoul has said in the past it hoped such a move could contribute to a political thaw.
The indie-pop musician applied lessons learned while D.J.-ing and attending a workshop on race to her new album, “I Can Feel You Creep Into My Private Life.”
Wednesday: La Conchita looks back, the Perris horror, a code of conduct for models, hospitals erect surge tents for flu, and East Coast pot rumblings.
New York Times articles from across sections offer students ideas for starting conversations on topics from the Super Bowl to dream vacations.
Artificial intelligence programs increasingly help fund managers run their portfolios, but will they be good enough to replace them?
Doctoring up a jar of red curry paste makes for a deeply flavored noodle dish.
A practical response for those offended by our president’s racist comments.
Boneless fillets are excellent steamed: The technique is easy to master, and aromatics — like ginger, scallions and sesame oil — are readily available.
Rock is underexplored onstage, but two Under the Radar shows, “How to Be a Rock Critic” and “The Hendrix Project,” grapple with its transformative power.
Yes, people in the room say they heard him make the remarks about “shithole” countries. No, he won’t face any consequences.
With its flaky pastry, caramelized crust and bracingly sweet filling, the butter tart has it all.
Over decades, armed conflict has reduced animal populations in Africa more than any other factor, according to new research.
This already diverse city has welcomed thousands of Syrians and their cooking, supporting a small boom in food businesses.
A longtime resident pays tribute to a classic prewar building on the Upper West Side that has seen some rough times and is undergoing a face-lift.
Friday: Mudslide survivors tell their stories, Gavin Newsom calls on President Trump to resign, and tenants target limits on rent control.
The president’s racially charged comments threaten an emerging agreement to project some undocumented immigrants, which risks bringing a government shutdown.
A gluten-free or grain-free diet can pose risks for someone who is not highly sensitive to gluten. Such a diet is also unlikely to provide benefits.
Friday: Touring Martin Luther King Jr.’s New York, weekend events, and honoring Dr. King in your own way.
When people we knew who had cancer said our dog came to them in their dreams, I was jealous. Why didn’t he visit us?
Mr. Trump’s disparaging words for Haiti and Africa have caused outrage worldwide. They have also raised a question about an American ideal: Who should be let in?
Simone de Beauvoir viewed America’s war between the sexes as unproductive and alien. She’s still shaping Frenchwomen’s views today.
Republicans would rather defend Donald Trump than find the truth.
Crisis Text Line is upending the suicide hotline, modernizing it for today’s teenagers, one text at a time.
A photographer captures a colorful world of craft and complexity.
As the baby boomers age, some are choosing to stay in their homes and take in boarders to help pay the rent or lend a hand with household chores.
In New York, treatment is sharply segregated by income, as those with money can avoid methadone clinics and use an alternate treatment.
In “Supernormal,” the psychologist Meg Jay derives lessons from the lives of her troubled patients.
Which of the “52 Places to Go in 2018” would you like to visit most and why?
No matter where the Hungarian writer’s sentences begin, they’re liable to find their ways to apocalyptic conclusions.
How do some squirrels and hamsters behave a bit like cold blooded animals?
What do you think this image is saying?
It will be the third time President Trump has given a reprieve to the nuclear agreement brokered by President Barack Obama, despite having labeled it “the worst deal ever.”
Erik Agard holds up a mirror to us.
In a touching tribute to his father and the tradition of reading aloud, Mr. Lithgow recites two classic tales of deception and comeuppance.
A new book is a challenge to those who want to revive the liberal democratic order.
Republican attacks on the safety net are about inflicting pain, not saving money.
Will the flooding and mudslides that ravaged California — the latest in a series of climate disasters this year — lead to action on global warming?
A female reporter accused Harold E. Ford Jr., a former congressman, of inappropriate behavior. Morgan Stanley found no proof but fired him. How one Wall Street firm responded to misconduct allegations.
In the next few weeks, you will see fewer viral videos and news articles from media companies, and instead see more posts that include interactions between you and the people you know.
A transcendent encounter at La Guardia Airport.
President Trump demanded to know at a White House meeting why he should accept immigrants from Haiti and African countries rather than people from places like Norway.
The civil rights leader was stabbed, honored and given a student pastoral assignment. He also led one of his biggest marches, against the war.
The Bronx Museum’s beautifully staged, streamlined version of the artist’s career still conveys a full picture of his radical sensibility.
Mr. Greitens called the extramarital relationship before he was elected governor “a deeply personal mistake,” but denied threatening the woman with retribution if it was exposed.
The case of a woman in France who became a prominent propagandist for the Islamic State is unusual, but points to a broader quandary for Europe.
Our favorite student comments from last week, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
The Trump administration wants to make a major change to Medicaid, but there’s not a lot of evidence for one of its key assertions.
Interest in all kinds of whiskeys has spurred a new wave of distilleries, and a renewed respect for a distinctive spirit.
This snappy mix of vodka, spices and Clamato is widely regarded as the national cocktail, and is still making inroads.
A star of the Affordable Care Act is accused of offering plans that make it hard to find a doctor who accepts its insurance.
Brooklyn’s hot streak continued in the last months of 2017, thanks to tight inventory and buyers hunting for deals.
House lawmakers voted to preserve the National Security Agency’s warrantless surveillance program.
Thousands of electronics enthusiasts flooded the trade show to see the latest devices, but the darling of the event was the artificial intelligence software that helps these products run.
Piedmont has seen its housing market stabilize in the last year or so, thanks in part to its 2014 designation as a Unesco World Heritage site.
The company cited the new tax law in announcing better pay and benefits, immersing itself in the partisan debate over tax policy. Then it closed 63 stores.
This week’s properties include a five-bedroom in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., and a four-bedroom in Englewood, N.J.
Thursday: The governor plays down talk of his legacy, the death count from the mudslides grows, and Representative Darrell Issa is the latest G.O.P. retirement.
Federal officials said they would support state efforts to require able-bodied adults to work as a condition of eligibility for Medicaid.
Part II of this two-part series asks students to balance the interests of patients against each other and in relation to the broader population.
Ecuador wants the WikiLeaks founder to leave its London embassy, but Whitehall insists that he face justice, which could include extradition to the United States.
Thursday: The city goes from frozen to balmy, modesty in fashion, and the Winter Jazzfest.
Adults with eating disorders aren’t represented in pop culture and news outlets, so I assumed we were either supposed to outgrow it or die.
Biophilic buildings aim not just to leave a minimal carbon footprint but also to promote the health of those who live and work there.
The areas of the country with the largest robot work forces gave the president an unanticipated advantage in the Electoral College.
For white supremacy to thrive, the lowest white man must be exalted above those who are black.
“Fire and Fury” does spectacular damage to Trump’s opposition.
I saw the famous battlefield as a Marine, a reporter and a teacher. Each time I learned something new about Vietnam.
At least six, including California, New York and Washington, are considering bills to restore protections that the F.C.C. ended, but political and legal obstacles may stand in the way.
Even a “less effective” vaccine packs a payoff in averting illness and death. 
The “Havana” singer and former Fifth Harmony member opens up about her solo journey and “super awkward” split from the group.
Should they set rules about asking for and sending nude photos? If so, what should they be?
Referring to a lie tracker that The Washington Post has been running, Mr. Kimmel declared the moment “Lie2K.”
Through interpretive photos, Mara Sanchez Renero explored her conversations and encounters with Afro-Mexicans in various communities in the Costa Chica region of Guerrero and Oaxaca.
How did the wildfires that occurred last year in the same area leave the land vulnerable to mudslides?
What story could this image tell?
With Germany unable to form a new government, more people are calling for her to step aside. But for whom?
Hundreds of thousands of immigrants are watching anxiously as judges and lawmakers jockey over policy.
Half of him is feeling very bipartisan these days.
The most immediate fear: A sharp falloff in bond prices would rattle equity markets that are now trading at record highs.
It’s the wrong question. Efforts to diagnose the president from afar are damaging to real efforts to address his unfitness.
President Trump’s suggestion that Congress revive the old practice of salting spending bills with lawmaker pet projects has revived a simmering debate.
Frances Glessner Lee, the first lady of forensic science, was a cult curiosity. With her “Nutshell Studies” at the Renwick Gallery, she rises to art star.
Longstanding complaints about the barriers women face in the economics profession are beginning to resonate within the male-dominated field.
An episode at a busy West Village intersection.
Kenneth and Peter were together for 59 years, a rarity in their world. And when Peter died, Kenneth was ready for that last Champagne and caviar.
Crossword constructors, looking to boost contributions by women and people of color, offer their services
The fate of Ma Xiaohong, and the business empire she built on trade with North Korea, has become a measure of China’s willingness to confront its neighbor.
A yearslong debate over warrantless surveillance and Americans’ privacy rights faces a crucial test on Thursday in the House of Representatives.
Tech companies and frustrated passengers are working together to meet the increasing demands of commuting to the city.
Researchers found using fresh or frozen embryos makes no difference for the majority of women who do not have polycystic ovary syndrome.
While studying ancient pollen in the black goop of sediment collected in Germany, researchers discovered 200 million-year-old butterfly scales.
Word went out that an article would identify a creator of a list of media industry men accused of sexual harassment. Women urged writers to push back.
As the women behind Time’s Up figure out if they can sustain the momentum from Sunday’s event, the Academy Awards face the specter of uncomfortable male moments.
One of Chicago’s most influential jazz musicians, Ms. Mitchell released two standout albums last year, and is the artist-in-residence at Winter Jazzfest.
At a cabinet meeting, the return of the president as press critic, after his legal maneuvers against BuzzFeed and the publisher of Michael Wolff’s book.
He is unique among American presidents in the last century, two Harvard professors say.
Mr. Issa becomes one of the most prominent in a long list of Republican retirements, adding to talk of a Democratic wave in the midterm elections.
A combination of snow and rain shut off access to Zermatt, near the Matterhorn. Until late Wednesday afternoon, helicopter was the only way out.
Being sick has been a long, slow detox from capitalist culture and its mandate that we never rest.
A shocking video from the Islamic State’s Sinai branch showed one former Gazan instructing another to kill a man accused of smuggling weapons to Hamas.
The tirelessly acidic film critic recalls when screens were silver, not small; when actors were stars, not celebrities; and when written opinion wasn’t free.
This harrowing and exhilarating revival, featuring an inexhaustible cast of two, summons the agonies and ecstasies of being 17 in a blighted Irish town.
More than a dozen people are missing around Montecito in the aftermath of mudslides that killed 17 people and destroyed 100 homes.
Wednesday: Extensive damage in SoCal, concerns over the intensifying flu season, and bed bugs in Los Angeles.
A house with a double-decker front porch in Cleveland, a renovated 1915 home in Cedar Rapids and a bungalow in Little Rock.
Republicans and Democrats are in the middle of a legislative battle over the program created by President Barack Obama, called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA.
Part I of a two-part series uses resources in The Times to help students explore difficult ethical questions related to patient autonomy, physician autonomy and scarce resources.
The foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign drew the attention of the F.B.I. But he differs greatly from other figures in the Trump-Russia story.
Tashi Wangchuk was tried in a Chinese court last week for “inciting separatism.” A New York Times documentary was the main evidence cited by prosecutors.
Wednesday: Paid time off for new parents, the New York Jewish Film Festival, and the debut of electric buses.
The response was a marked change from June, when President Trump said he would be “100 percent” willing to give a sworn statement to the special counsel.
What happens if the pope of the American religion considers a presidential run?
It seems sensible to encourage “personal responsibility,” and yet policies that invoke the phrase can make health problems worse. 
A personable, centrally located neighborhood, Turtle Bay also has an international flavor, thanks to the proximity of the United Nations.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether a good deed is its own reward and more.
In the movie, “I, Tonya,” the disgraced figure skater looks back on the 1994 Nancy Kerrigan scandal and her struggles to tell her side of the story.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon pull it out from under us.
Our reporters answer some of your questions about California and federal marijuana policy and the legalization movement in the United States.
Restricted from operating in the United States, most Mexican drivers must hand off their cargo. The Trump administration wants even tighter controls.
AbbVie’s anti-inflammatory drug Humira was never cheap, selling for about $19,000 a year in 2012. It’s gone up by 100 percent since then.
A tenant wants out of a lease. The landlord says not so fast.
Peter Wentz offers us a clean and sparkling Saturday puzzle.
Latinos made up a disproportionately high number of the Vietnam War’s casualties.
The West must exploit the hypocrisy of the Tehran government.
Maybe we’ll pretend he’s on some other planet.
Will Shortz announces the winners of the 2017 Puzzlemania 800-number contest.
Will Shortz announces the winners of the Super Mega crossword contest from the 2017 Puzzlemania section.
New reporting makes for a compelling case that he did, on multiple counts.
Kids who know how to deceive are smarter and better adjusted.
The nation’s public health agency says a workshop was scheduled months ago, before President Trump’s recent tweets about nuclear buttons and North Korea.
Republicans are tying themselves even more tightly to Trump, because they can’t escape their deal with the devil.
For many hard-core beer fans, brown ales lack excitement. But the style’s simplicity, subtlety and refreshment are endlessly appealing.
The creative consultant Matilda Goad includes a warm blend of turmeric and coconut milk in her nightly de-stressing routine.
The first congressional criminal referral in connection with Russian meddling targeted a former British spy, not anyone accused of conspiracy.
It’s not clear that statins prevent first heart attacks and strokes in older patients, and the drugs do have side effects that can be harmful.
Career prosecutors shut down the case in 2016 over lack of evidence. The new interest comes as Mr. Trump has taken the highly unusual step of calling for investigations into political rivals.
Every president is confronted by unflattering portrayals by former aides who leave and tell their stories, but usually not so early in an administration.
This quickly braised cod in butter and wine is practically defined by its simplicity and speed.
In 1930s Hollywood, Patricia Douglas tried to stand up to her rapist, and was destroyed. If only she’d lived to see her legacy.
While the program of Mozart, Tchaikovsky and Haydn, led by the pianist and conductor Jeffrey Kahane, was finely executed, it felt safe and predictable.
Frigid air is gripping the East Coast, and furious winds are expected to make it feel as cold as 100 degrees below zero atop Mount Washington in New Hampshire.
Lead film performances demoted so as not to split the vote (we’re looking at you, Armie Hammer) take away spots from worthy pros like Rob Morgan in “Mudbound.”
Mr. Mitchell, who at 83 still exudes grandness, is the subject of an exhibition at the Wallach gallery at Columbia’s Lenfest Center for the Arts.
Smoking harms nonsmokers, and the damage isn’t merely caused by secondhand smoke.
Rutgers is out in front with the latest form of gamesmanship. Just watch the Mr. Trololo video to understand how this tactic might work.
Some of the people who visit open houses are not in buying mode at all, they just want a peek at how others live.
Friday: Minimum wage at $11, marijuana distributors react to White House threat of crackdown, and Sierra vs. Sierras.
A closer look at the largest protests in Iran in years suggests that the country’s president may have been the one who started it all.
Three American presidents have struggled with conflicting priorities in Islamabad, but President Trump’s decision to suspend security aid to Pakistan could tilt the Afghanistan conflict.
Friday: The evolution of an iconic performance space, your weekend lineup, and a look back at a landmark decision.
Studies have found a link between low levels of magnesium and sleep disorders. But changing your diet may be a better option than taking supplements.
My Korean mother, born during the Japanese occupation, grew up with a distrust of the Japanese. What would she make of our DNA test results?
The notorious Aokigahara Forest looms large for Japan, with its high national suicide rate, though patrols and other steps are helping lower the toll.
Many feminists have had it with this movement, in which women perceive themselves to be as frail as Victorian housewives.
For the key to our political destiny in 2018, look to Colorado.
Why a federal crackdown on legal marijuana? The real problem, as any sentient public servant can tell you, is opioid abuse.
The associations are part of a larger set of policies meant to chip away at Obamacare, and are likely to destabilize its markets for individual and small business insurance. 
How a 33-year-old man faced his fear of water and learned to swim.
Big institutional landlords probably use algorithms, but small landlords who know their tenants well sometimes have a hard time raising the rent.
Eight tips to help keep your travel expenses nominal and your wallet fat this year.
In Mike McCormack’s “Solar Bones,” an engineer reflects on the fractured contemporary world and the life he left behind.
Though wages are growing sluggishly over all, some of the strongest increases are in blue-collar and service industries as employers vie for help.
Lawmakers from both parties see it as a state decision and vow to force the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, to back down.
Nearly 24 years after it was published, the historical thriller is appearing onscreen, as a TNT series beginning Jan. 22.
Borrow real syntactic rules. Write a script.
What advice for choosing sneakers, caring for them and spotting fakes would you give to those who are looking to start a collection?
Harry Bertschmann started his art career exhibiting alongside Mark Rothko and Franz Kline. For the next 60 years, he painted in almost total obscurity. Now he wants to get discovered.
Despite a glut of glitches and questions bordering on the ridiculous, the game taps into our universal feeling of being aggrieved.
Some writers draw you so far into their voices that it makes you want to join in, and write alongside them.
Mr. Noah said that President Trump ought to welcome reports that he didn’t really want to be president. In that case, Mr. Noah said, why would he collude with Russia?
What do you think this image is saying?
The Norwegian photographer is having a moment, with major European shows. His pictures capture changes in photography in the internet era.
Ned White gives us our first weekend solve of the year.
Driving says a lot about society, and ourselves.
The special counsel’s investigation has uncovered several episodes involving the president that raise questions about whether he obstructed justice.
Four days after legal marijuana sales began in the state, lawmakers and leaders of the cannabis industry vowed legalization would proceed.
Hackers can exploit two major security flaws in microprocessors running virtually all machines on Earth. What do you do now?
HUD will delay rollout of a measure requiring communities to analyze how their policies might be fostering racial and economic inequality.
President Moon Jae-in warned North Korea about sanctions if it resumed weapons tests, while crediting President Trump with forcing it to the table.
After “nonsurgical face-lifts,“ dermatologists noted significant improvements in the fullness of women’s cheeks.
A federal judge on Tuesday night issued a nationwide injunction ordering the Trump administration to maintain the program.
Michael S. Maurer and Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana collaborate on today’s bouncy puzzle.
In an open letter published in Le Monde, the actress and dozens of other Frenchwomen criticized the movement for punishing undeserving men.
President Trump and a delegation of lawmakers from both parties engaged in a vigorous discussion of immigration, in effect negotiating legislation in front of the nation.
She says she wouldn’t work with Woody Allen again. He says Donald Trump is bad TV.
In his final speech, Gov. Chris Christie spun a rosy tale, boasting a litany of accomplishments seemingly at odds with his constituents’ current view of him.
The year was pivotal to their countries, but they reject the changes it brought.
I use whatever pronoun my students choose for themselves, simply out of respect for them.
The president called the Steele report “fake news.” A year later, it’s clear that’s not the case.
Detectives identified a suspect, who is serving life in prison, for a rape in Prospect Park that drew widespread attention and even figured in a Broadway play.
The state’s Republican governor, Rick Scott, had opposed the proposal to allow new offshore oil and gas drilling in nearly all United States waters.
The ruling was the first time that a federal court had blocked a congressional map because the judges believed it to be a partisan gerrymander.
For nine years, this actor has taken his one-man show on the road like a “time-warp vaudevillian.” What did he learn along the way?
"March of the Penguins” showed penguins going up to 115 days without food, but new research suggests that many hunted for food during breeding season.
Leaving the subway in one shoe and a bare foot on tiptoes.
In “The Newcomers,” Helen Thorpe documents a class of immigrant teenagers while the Trump campaign stirs up nativist resentment.
On a day of hope for a breakthrough on immigration, the race-baiting ex-sheriff pardoned by the president makes a pathetic plea for attention.
How my side effects made me four different people.
Mr. Bannon, closely associated with the right-wing news site in recent years, has lost support with conservative backers as President Trump denounced him.
George S. Schuyler’s “Black No More” and Nella Larsen’s “Passing” have been reissued in time for Black History Month.
The telecommunications giant canceled a deal to sell the Mate 10 after U.S. lawmakers expressed misgivings about what they said were Huawei’s ties to the Chinese government.
The forum in Switzerland is synonymous with wealth and elite prestige, drawing leaders of nations and corporations, and some of the world’s richest individuals.
The chef at the Beatrice Inn has made her mark with luxurious old-school cooking and a management style that defies toxic restaurant culture.
They’re tiny, colorful and harmless-looking, but these little pellets are being blamed for causing big problems.
Based on the DC crime fighter, this new CW series takes on present-day issues of race and social justice directly and unambiguously.
Drenching rain sent mud roaring down the hillsides of Santa Barbara County, sweeping away houses in wildfire-ravaged areas.
The Oprah hoopla has plenty to do with regrets about 2016.
Casa Xochiquetzal is a shelter in Mexico City for retired, or semiretired, prostitutes, a place where they can escape from the dangers and indignities of life on the streets.
The announcement that North Korea would participate in the Games was welcomed in the South, but few believed that Mr. Kim was motivated by the Olympic spirit.
Tuesday: A high-profile race after Mr. Royce’s departure, a major rainstorm, and angst in Yosemite over Starbucks.
Peloton, which sells an internet-connected spin bicycle, unveiled a $4,000 internet-connected treadmill. The company’s insight: The gadget is not as important as the service.
Tuesday: Workout classes that won’t break the bank, warming weather, and Restaurant Week approaches.
“She’s fine,” the doctor said. “You’re doing a good job, don’t worry too much.” I could not worry too much? That was an option?
During Vietnam, activists opened cafes outside military bases to recruit antiwar soldiers.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
Trevor Noah compared Oprah Winfrey with President Trump. “She’s everything that he’s not,” he said. “She’s black, she’s a woman, she likes to read.”
Many preschool teachers live on the edge of financial ruin. Would improving their training — and their pay — improve outcomes for their students?
The Federal Reserve is welcoming a debate among economists about proposed changes that might improve its response to future economic downturns.
Renovating a 60-square-foot kitchen is like a game of balancing blocks: It takes skill, ingenuity and lots of patience.
People lust after everything from actors to new consumer goods. A vast marketplace caters to some of those desires, and exploits others.
Is it the cash prize? The entertaining host? The sense of community among players it creates? Or a combination of all of the above?
Books that will inspire the philanthropist in all of us.
What misinformation or myths exist about the Aokigahara Forest and the suicides there?
Shawn Walker, a founding member of the Kamoinge Workshop, documented the lives of regular people and liberated his subjects from stereotypes and invisibility.
In what situations do you use GIFs, Emojis or other images to express your emotions and why?
The true freshman Tua Tagovailoa replaced Alabama’s starting quarterback, Jalen Hurts, at halftime, and led the Crimson Tide past Georgia in a thrilling comeback.
Up to one in five Americans have high levels of lipoprotein(a) in their blood, putting them at risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Peter Collins likes his medium.
Health coverage for nine million kids is still at risk as congressional leaders refuse to reauthorize CHIP.
Robert O’Hara’s latest satire takes on too many targets as it imagines a future world in which men still ruin everything.
Trump makes a one-state solution more likely.
White House officials viewed it as a sign that the special counsel’s inquiry was nearly over. But it touched off discussions about the perils of the president having an interview.
North Korea will participate in the Winter Games, a symbolic shift after months of escalating tensions over Pyongyang’s rapidly advancing nuclear and missile programs.
Of the five families who lost loved ones in the deadly fire in the Bronx last month, by count, the Stewarts lost the most.
Failure to stop arriving international flights after a storm created an epic jet traffic jam at the New York City hub. A burst pipe added to the misery.
In the imagination of some Democrats, Oprah Winfrey seemed an answer to the party’s problems. Others questioned whether the country would be willing to accept another TV star.
Pulling the plug on T.P.S. will tear apart families and communities and bring more uncertainty to El Salvador.
Apple should give parents more tools to curb technology use by children and study the health effects of excessive screen time, two big funds said.
The quality of the opposition is deteriorating.
Given what Trump is doing to our government, it’s a good thing he’s a very stable genius.
Glenn R. Simpson’s firm quietly compiled the notorious dossier of possible links between President Trump and Russia. Then it became public.
On the way home to the Bronx after basketball practice.
With temperatures in the single digits over the weekend, the E train turned into a rolling refuge for the homeless.
William McDonald responded to readers who criticized our depiction of the former head of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The idea of President Winfrey underscores the extent to which Trumpism has infected our civic life.
Michael Wolff has everyone talking about a possibly dysfunctional president.
Mr. Shani’s whole roasted cauliflower will be on offer at a branch of Miznon, his global group of casual restaurants, when it opens at Chelsea Market this month.
New “videomicroscopes” offer astounding images, helping surgeons perform and collaborate on delicate brain and spine operations.
In Honolulu, where our critic grew up, the quintessential marinated-fish dish appears in a welter of different styles and stores.
DNA databases holding samples from thousands of rhinoceroses and elephants are helping to convict illegal traffickers.
The administration decided that Salvadorans no longer qualified for temporary protection from deportation that had been granted after two devastating earthquakes in 2001.
His approval ratings reflect political weakness despite good news on several fronts.
Monday: Questions for the newest columnist at The Los Angeles Times, the fight between California and federal officials, and a historic Grateful Dead concert.
How did the people who spoke at Sunday’s awards ceremony express the “change in the air”? What do you think the future will hold?
“This sounds like a parody of a newspaper assignment,” one of our friends said of our plans to ascend Mount Washington. (At least our editors would be warm.)
Humans formed social networks long before social media, so why not put them to use?
Many of us can use a periodic kick in the pants to help keep us safe. I know, because I’m one of those prone to doing something foolhardy.
Monday: A nonprofit offers financial literacy lessons to young people, an end to the cold spell, and The Times and PBS start a book club.
There is an underlying assumption that children can be controlled if only their parents would take the trouble.
And what does “The Breakfast Club” have to do with it?
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Montana is the latest Western state to discover animals infected with chronic wasting disease. It may decimate herds and, biologists say, invade Yellowstone.
What’s the “thing” holding you back?
What is the place that you like best? Is it where you currently live?
There’s meaningless make-believe in the capital of politics, but there’s meaningful politics in the capital of make-believe.
There was consensus from the stage and dissonance on the red carpet in a broadcast that was half party, half protest.
This week’s episode, directed by the Trek veteran Jonathan Frakes, unfolded in a parallel universe filled with plot twists and death.
The president will cast himself as a friend to farmers in a speech on Monday, but his position on trade and some parts of the new tax law threaten to undercut their interests.
The new book about Trump’s White House suggests a dangerous mental instability.
As construction companies and labor unions drove up costs, watchdogs — including governors and lawmakers — have done too little to stop it.
Traffic is so bad that people can often outpace cars.
As FEMA revises the maps to account for climate change, deciding who is in the flood zone will be a battle with millions of dollars at stake.
India’s Paytm and global heavyweights like Google are moving aggressively to persuade reluctant Indians to give up their rupee notes.
Sam Ezersky evokes a childhood memory for me.
Knowing where to go when a favorite pair gets damaged.
Heavy snowfall. Face-freezing temperatures. Around the globe, another winter phenomenon was in full force: people who rescue other people and animals from icy waters.
Sweatcoin has been a popular download for months by offering a twist to fitness tracking. Users gain “sweatcoins” that can be used to buy products.
With government often more the problem than the solution, communities are taking matters into their own hands. But gains against crime can carry a cost.
Delays, cancellations and now flooding have disrupted flights and stranded passengers at the beleaguered New York airport since Thursday’s snowstorm.
With crime at lows not seen in decades, but drug addiction and untreated mental illness still persistent problems, some say it may be time to rethink the size of forces.
At the Golden Globes, my fellow actresses aren’t just wearing black. They’re making a statement of resistance.
Stephen K. Bannon, who is quoted in a new book calling Donald Trump Jr.’s meeting with Russians in 2016 “treasonous,” said that Mr. Trump was “both a patriot and a good man.”
An Israeli insurance company’s previously undisclosed $30 million investment in Jared Kushner’s family company could fuel the perception of conflicts of interest.
Federal cases in Brooklyn have raised concerns that immigration officials are improperly holding defendants who have been released by the court system.
“Three Billboards” and “Lady Bird” won the top movie awards at the Golden Globes. But it was the #MeToo movement, and Oprah Winfrey’s rousing speech, that defined the moment.
Nearly a year after the president took office, the world is still figuring out whether to take his fiery words as policy pronouncements, or to simply ignore them.
The growing divide between California and President Trump erupted this week, over marijuana, immigration, taxes and the environment.
If you would like to see the print version of David Steinberg’s puzzle without spoilers, we are offering a link to the PDF here.
David Steinberg double dips.
Stephen K. Bannon’s provocative remarks about President Trump and his family, and Mr. Trump’s angry response, further alienated some of Mr. Bannon’s most important backers, who were already losing enthusiasm for him.
Dropping from the sky, and then heading for a “hamburger with a college education.”
Michael Wolff’s new book shows the cynicism of all those covering for the president.
Market veterans say that stocks are overvalued and that a downturn is overdue. The question is how messy it will be, and how investors should prepare.
As the humble hash house goes the way of the automat, Riley Arthur wants to document and sample every last one.
The United States has provided billions of dollars in aid to Pakistan, but the Trump administration says it is not doing enough to confront terrorist networks operating there.
Look closely at this graph, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
In 2017, women marched for their daughters. This year, let’s take action for ourselves.
The forced isolation of a snowstorm is not all bad — for a little while, anyway.
Mass bleaching of coral reefs, once virtually unknown, now happens every six years on average, new research finds. The reefs don’t have time to recover.
Readers respond.
The proposal would give the energy industry access to more than a billion acres, dealing a blow to President Barack Obama’s environmental legacy.
Supplements like cherry and pomegranate juice, vitamins C and E, and black tea extract did little to alleviate post-exercise muscle aches.
Companies are expected to report billions of dollars in short-term losses stemming from the new tax law. But they are a prelude to much larger profits.
This inventive restaurant in Sydney is an exemplar of Australia’s seafood prowess.
The Times’s chief art critics weigh in on the end of the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s pay-as-you-wish policy for out-of-state visitors.
Shingrix provides 90 percent protection and is given in two shots at $140 each. It is recommended for people 50 and older.
With a decline in visitors paying the “suggested” full admission price, the museum is looking for ways to regain revenue.
My mother’s cancer diagnosis gave me the opportunity to approach my patients with a new resolve in the coming year.
Airports shut down, schools closed and cars slid off roads during winter’s first major storm. Officials fear the worst is ahead as bone-chilling cold moves in.
Federal prosecutors will be given discretion to more aggressively enforce marijuana laws, threatening to undermine the legalization movement at the state level.
History supplies precedents and lessons for the opioid epidemic raging in America today — but we seem to have largely forgotten both.
Forget Stormy Daniels. The business records subpoenaed by Robert Mueller might be Donald Trump’s greatest legal headache.
The United States is losing its influence as its relative power erodes. How should it manage the transition without destabilizing everyone else?
A convict in West Virginia, bondage in Missouri and a wacky contest for control of the chamber.
The federal government may ignore the environment, but we can’t afford to.
With the blunt and plain-spoken and often funny Barbara Bush, you always knew where you stood.
White people who see black people through racism’s lens can often count on the police to share their outlook.
Mel Taub is back with some head-spinners.
The E.P.A. chief is under scrutiny for high spending and interactions with lobbyists. Many of the pitfalls he has encountered in Washington have echoes in his past.
False rumors set Buddhist against Muslim in Sri Lanka, the most recent in a global spate of violence fanned by social media.
What recourse do residents have if their neighbors decide to rent out their homes through sites like Airbnb and VRBO?
Daniel Nierenberg drops some science on us in this challenging debut.
Now, all the infants in the Senate aren’t elected.
Black New Yorkers are 12 times more likely to die from childbirth-related causes than white women. Health officials can do more to save lives.
If we can give our newspapers over to gun-toting maniacs for days on end, we can spare some attention for this.
Despite awful weather at the Boston Marathon, women seemed to hold up better than men.
Israel is a safeguard for Jews, not a vanity.
Scores of readers, not to mention a few colleagues, contacted our standards desk urgently to point out what they believed was an embarrassing typo.
While performers who go from show to show embrace the identity, Actors’ Equity has decided that a ceremony celebrating them needs to be renamed.
Nicholas Kristof live tweets Trump’s major speech.
If you can’t find your own, perhaps you can help someone else on a similar mission.
David Phillips performs surgery.
Contemporary womanhood has its challenges, and this play explores many of them, like sexual harassment, eating disorders, Ophelia complexes and more.
The Theater for a New Audience’s revival of Thornton Wilder’s apocalyptic comedy feels surprisingly appropriate for a world threatened by climate issues and packed with refugees.
His call on Tuesday night for a rebuilt military is about vanity, not safety.
The president offered up lots of gauzy promises but no real ideas of how to pay for them.
The T.P.P. and other trade deals required tougher labor and environment measures. Some call them fig leaves, but others bemoan their loss.
In a bite-size coup that could spread to other cities, a California upstart has replaced Kellogg products in the city’s free-breakfast program.
The New York Times spoke with a few voters who were watching the president’s speech to Congress from either side of the partisan divide.
After a Jewish cemetery was attacked, Muslims donated thousands of dollars to repair it. What other examples of kindness like this can you think of?
My spinal cord injury is disabling, but it has not destroyed my competitive spirit.
Imagining a presidential path for Marine Le Pen.
In El Paso, we’ve benefited from booming trade and immigration.
Photojournalists like Shawkan have been imprisoned for three years since Egyptian authorizes cracked down on protests, and Mohammed Elshamy feels it is his duty to make their stories heard.
Should transgender athletes compete under their assigned gender or the gender they transition to?
The former C.I.A. operative on his presidential run and why there are so many leaks from within the Trump administration.
Through his stripped-down, radically humane approach to theater, Sam Gold has found a new dimension to a classic American play.
The magazine’s ethicist columnist on whether to report a driver you believe was DUI and whether to tell your friend’s divorce lawyer about the illegal actions of her ex.
The incumbent mayor, who faces 10 challengers next month, says he is effective, not cautious, as his critics contend.
To feed an enormous building boom, India’s relentless sand miners have devastated the waterways that make life there possible. 
In a city filled with haunted sites, ghosts are woven into the fabric of daily life.
The average game last season took three hours. We invited our reporters and readers to propose solutions. Some of them took the assignment seriously.
Wednesday: How your neighbors are observing Lent, a rendezvous with French film, and Women’s History Month.
Running late is stressful, but a delayed flight is an especially good moment to be mindful.
Some people with early-stage Alzheimer’s disease showed improved physical abilities and slowed memory loss from a walking program.
The Royal & Ancient Golf Club and the U.S. Golf Association spent more than five years trying to modernize the Rules of Golf.
By measuring cortisol levels in hair, scientists confirmed a link between long-term stress and obesity.
Maybe it&#8217;s not really about the jobs.
On Tuesday, the president seemed to promise everything while actually not promising much of anything at all.
The issue is an important dividing line in the Republican caucus and represents a break from President Trump’s position during the campaign.
Foreigners are a rare sight in Kabul these days; even more rare are foreign journalists.
Most patients don’t have any idea what they have agreed to let their doctors do to them.
Shedding pessimism after seeming to be hopelessly trapped in a cycle of low growth and inflation.
Scroll through this list of questions that touch on every aspect of contemporary life — from social media to sports, politics and school — and see which ones most inspire you to take a stand.
Obama administration officials scrambled to ensure intelligence of connections between the Trump campaign and Russian officials was preserved after they left office.
Recalling an encounter with a former first lady shortly before she died.
The appalling case of a prisoner who starved to death shows how dependent we are on our judges’ willingness to call out injustice.
The sport’s governing bodies are taking a crazy quilt of regulations and boiling them down to a maxim: Use common sense.
Mr. Trump leaves us in the dark on major foreign policy issues.
Peter Gordon performs some nifty crossword sleight-of-hand.
This musical about a demonic barber could be more penetrating, but still respects the original story’s depiction of madness.
In director Larysa Kondracki’s capable hands, “Legion” finally feels like the show its boosters always said it was.
What’s the story behind this photo? Use your imagination to write the opening of a short story or news report inspired by this image.
The announcement came after a day of rapid-fire developments that intensified pressure for a full investigation into Moscow’s meddling in the election.
A bigger military isn’t a substitute for diplomacy, foreign aid and good will.
How to find our whole selves in the movies.
The key to understanding our president is to realize there are several versions.
And what his critics don’t understand about manufacturing.
A version of the London landmark built in the eastern city of Suzhou has rekindled debate about the country’s rush to clone famous foreign structures.
“Someone looking at the United States would have to be worried about democratic failure.”
As is the case with so many of nature’s features, some scientists think climate change and resource depletion will make more rivers more ephemeral.
She managed her autoimmune arthritis by taking medications. But then something strange started happening to her hands.
His unclassifiable books blend personal history, reportage, philosophy and theology to cast compulsive narrative spells.
Bare farmers’ markets in early March can leave home cooks adrift, but this sweet and savory Swedish dish can get you past the hump.
In a season rife with demonstrations, Republican legislators in at least 16 states have filed bills to make protests more orderly or to toughen penalties.
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists is the newest group to recommend that doctors wait to clamp and cut the cord of newborns.
I take pills that have kept my ovarian cancer at bay for three and a half years — surely they would help fend off other cancers, too.
Thursday: The city’s Municipal Archives, windy weather, and a women-only hotel.
In what ways does the silencing of views and opinions within places of education take a toll on learning?
Acupuncture produced changes in the brain and nerves that produced lasting relief from wrist pain.
This is old-school meets new-school pulp filled with intimations of mortality, and raw, ugly violence. And once again, Hugh Jackman plays the Wolverine.
What he did was as bad, if not worse, than Richard Kleindienst, Nixon’s attorney general.
The company’s successful start could revive a moribund market for new stocks and may draw out other private tech giants.
The changes are mostly minor and do not appear likely to make a dramatic impact on the pace of play.
A half century before our “Truth Is Hard” campaign, The Times’s “Got My Job” slogan was exuberantly rendered in song by the Stepping Stones.
We invite students to submit short, evidence-based persuasive essays like the editorials The New York Times publishes every day.
The play, by Bryna Turner, is inspired by letters between Mary Woolley, a president of Mount Holyoke College, and Jeannette Marks.
A restaurant in Ridgewood, Queens, features shelves of groceries, a shrine to Egyptian history and fish from a chef who once worked by the docks.
A politician who has championed such a program for the state’s schools has also profited handsomely from it.
Slapstick and sap vie for prominence in a comedy so lazy that it actually features someone falling off a log.
In rebuilding the landmark Empire Stores as a commercial complex anchored by West Elm, the developers are relying on a deployable flood barrier.
Mayor Bill de Blasio proposes shelters in the neighborhoods that homeless people come from. Council members say they should be distributed across the city. Cue showdown.
Tallying a morning’s worth of caffeine.
A Times project offering readers simple ways to securely submit tips from their phone or email paid dividends in news gathering on Day 1.
The attorney general is the latest official to be caught between his words and the truth.
Take the edge off your week with a crunchy Patrick Berry puzzle.
Joshua Harmon’s comedy, at the Booth Theater, tells of a gay man’s turmoil as he watches wedding bells break up his gang of gal pals.
Since 1935, a polling organization has asked Americans the same question. This chart shows the answers they gave this month. What do you think the question is?
How is the strong resistance to eliminating gillnets contributing to the vaquitas’ extinction?
I credit President Trump — not that he seems any more evolved than the first earthworms now appearing in the cold soil of my garden.
The first casualty of Trump is truth.
The president’s speech to Congress offered a view of his movement without his distracting clownish behavior.
The rich are the only ones who could be truly free in his vision of the country.
What needs changing, and why, in professional sports?
America as a developing country: The family knows everything, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs knows nothing.
The threat of an executive order against Chihuahuas isn’t real.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
Find others who come for more than the game. Don’t try it while sitting.
Discomfort and deliverance on a long trip through Pakistan.
After learning she doesn’t have long to live, a woman composes a dating profile for the man she will leave behind.
In Greenwich, Conn., a town brimming with hedge fund managers, teachers have to study up on finance to try to find better investment options for retirement.
Also: Was it a hate crime? Or was it “terrorism”? And when is it appropriate to note people’s family background in their obituary?
As President Trump rewrites trade policy, the impact will be felt in places like Evansville, Ind., where the likely winners and losers live side by side.
A group of journalism students asked a group of retirees about their work life, how they should plan for later life, and what it all looks like in hindsight.
Thousands of affordable rental apartments are planned or are under construction in the Bronx, some with perks like rooftop farms and concert halls.
Health care legislation is complicated. And efforts to sum it up in a vivid, memorable phrase can result in images that verge on the surreal.
The short documentary raises interesting questions about bravery, survival instinct and peer pressure. What risks are worth taking? Which ones aren’t?
Friday: Return of the snowflakes, weekend events and a milestone at Gracie Mansion.
At a country music concert, my 11-year-old son taught me a lesson about refraining from snap judgments.
Donald Trump has waged almost continual warfare against his critics. The result: more people are paying attention to the president than ever.
Most splitting nails can be healed with a simple moisturizer, although nail problems can also be a sign of an underlying medical problem.
A compassionate Belle and a splendid monster are the hallmarks of this live-action remake of the 1991 animated film.
Republicans say the programs, for people whose employers don’t offer workplace retirement plans, won’t be sufficiently regulated.
The Federal Reserve chief’s declaration followed mounting signals from policy makers that the central bank had accelerated its timetable for action.
Once you get in the groove, preparing the day’s final meal can morph from a formidable chore into a delight.
With roots in Tunisian and Sardinian cooking, fregola has become an attractive ingredient for American cooks, especially among chefs.
A program uses data Uber collected to evade law enforcement in cities that resist the ride-hailing service, some current and former Uber employees said.
When many of the best American players, especially pitchers, stay with their major league teams rather than play in the tournament, it sends a powerful message to fans.
G.O.P. politicians should defy the protesters and return authority to the states on health care — and more.
In 1967, South Vietnam had a chance at democratic stability. Instead, two rival generals tore it apart.
After a Times reporter’s live-tweeting about Mark Zuckerberg’s testimony in Dallas broke courthouse rules, he wrote about it. Unexpectedly, a court officer responded.
In deciding against representing Team U.S.A. at the World Baseball Classic, the hard-throwing Syndergaard had a simple explanation: “I’m a Met.”
Leave him alone and let him be charming?
A growing list of contacts between the president’s associates and Russia is drawing increasing scrutiny, a furor that Mr. Trump called a “total witch hunt.”
Francis offers a permanently applicable solution to dealing with outcasts: give.
Mary Lou Guizzo delivers a crunchy Saturday puzzle and introduces an entry of which I am especially fond.
Conflict has spread to even peaceful areas, and government-backed militias burn down villages, drive millions from their homes, and massacre and gang-rape civilians.
The United States has been trying to sabotage North Korea’s missile program. President Trump must decide what to do next.
A place to discuss the A Little Variety suite of puzzles, including the Spelling Bee.
President Trump called former President Barack Obama a “bad (or sick) guy” as he leveled an explosive claim about election-season wiretapping.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon’s acrostic quote teaches us that there are different ways to look at things.
Argentines now make up the second-largest demographic in M.L.S., trailing only Americans.
The repeated emphasis on “America First” worries allies, threatens global trade and hurts immigrants.
Could a year of national service heal America’s divisions?
Give me my crazy straight up. It’s easier to guard against.
Condiments should be a safe space, even for the sauciest of presidents.
Trading affirmative action for reparations.
The battle over women’s health is being felt in clinics.
The world’s two most compelling populists have more in common than some might admit.
The research on the benefits of diversity does not bode well for our mostly white, mostly male administration.
Women have skidded down the power structure at the paper since a shake-up at the top three years ago. It’s improved, but there’s a long way to go.
Timothy Polin makes some elementary points about things.
The Bombers have long observed a strict Steinbrenner-era grooming code. But as other teams relax their own rules, is there room for a man bun in the Bronx?
The F.B.I. director wants the Justice Department to refute Mr. Trump’s contention that Barack Obama ordered the tapping of his phones, a claim that Mr. Comey says is false, officials said.
Golden State is without Kevin Durant, who is recovering from knee and leg injuries. Cleveland lost J.R. Smith, who fractured a thumb, and Kevin Love, who had knee surgery.
Susan Gelfand gets us ready for the elements.
Attacks on powerful women, on both sides of the aisle, often take the same form — angry, sexist language. Misogyny, it seems, is bipartisan.
Despite a rocky performance against the Cardinals during a spring training game, Harvey, who is coming back from two injuries, values the process over expectations.
A woman realizes too late that she erred in thinking a cab driver was taking a long way around.
As deportations start to rise, churches and cities are declaring themselves sanctuaries for undocumented immigrants. It’s the latest chapter of a movement with a long history.
Mr. Trump has tweeted himself into a corner.
After the latest revelation about the spymaster and Quinn, how many of you will have trouble sleeping? And please, why do so many viewers dislike Carrie?
Sunday’s episode was full of creative zombie high jinks, even as it explicitly laid out the defining themes of the show’s current phase.
In a show about white-collar acts of aggression and one-upmanship, the poker table becomes another arena for bloodless slaughter.
Ryan Murphy’s latest venture understands that, as one character puts it: “Feuds are never about hate. Feuds are about pain.”
How would you pay tribute to a remarkable person you know?
Understanding what bonds us together in the human condition is the job of philosophy, not science.
The G.O.P. quagmire isn’t just about Trump.
The president’s defense spending proposal could make the U.S. less safe and the world more dangerous.
Both political parties have good reasons to favor this policy.
The question of Russian interference is existential.
There is serious talk about establishing a nuclear weapons program under a common European command, largely in reaction to the Trump administration.
Why did the F.B.I. director respond to President Trump’s allegations that the Obama administration had ordered a wiretap of his phones prior to November’s presidential election?
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Republicans are still fighting over the details of their Affordable Care Act repeal plan in secret.
Try as we may, there is no hope of controlling all the things that can go wrong with our kids. But those things still keep us up at night.
Loss of sexual intimacy often goes unmentioned even by close friends.
Monday: The arrival of biological spring, the governor in Israel, and the quirks of living alone.
Research on the microbiome is a hot topic, but it’s not easy, and there are many ways to foul things up.
For Times journalists who cover the president, missing one of his tweets is not an option.
The new restriction will apply to citizens of six predominantly Muslim nations in an effort to improve on a hastily drawn order in January that did not pass legal scrutiny.
While President Trump closes the border, Canada clamors for even more refugees.
Thinking about what you drink as carefully as you do about what you eat can lead to much better bottles on the table.
Anatomy of an eight-month-long cyberwar investigation that spanned two administrations.
Banish the memory of the fare from Irish pubs and school cafeterias in favor of meat that is ruddy pink and salty and meltingly sweet.
Phillip Howze’s play, at the Bushwick Starr in Brooklyn, is an absurdist take on the cultural imperialism of tourists visiting a developing country.
The plan scraps the mandate for most Americans to have health insurance in favor of a new system of tax credits to induce people to buy insurance on the open market.
A confusing question asked by a man pounding on the door.
By revising the ban, the administration has acknowledged it fumbled on a major campaign promise. But the result is still pernicious.
Freddy Cheng sneaks up on us.
The new plan would decrease the dollars to states that cover poor adults through their Medicaid program.
Foods high in calcium, iron and vitamin C are promoted as a way of lowering children’s blood lead levels, but a review of studies has found little evidence such a diet works.
What old-school skills do you have? What is something you can do well that might have been prized in your parents’ generation or even earlier — even if the equipment has been modernized?
The Vietnam War had drastic, negative consequences for the country’s foreign policy.
If the Russian model of love is reckless, the American one involves too much calculation.
A common cause of death is up 14 percent in two years, and there is only one plausible explanation. But there is also a solution.
As Reagan learned, the public will not tolerate threats to their health or the environment.
Refugees bring with them problems that liberals would do well to recognize. Failing to do so opens the political door to right-wing xenophobes.
“Student protesters were not violating Mr. Murray’s First Amendment rights when they spoke out against him. They were changing the terms of the discussion.”
No good ideas, so they went with bad ideas instead.
Who are the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States, and what do the numbers tell us about them?
What factors come into play when you make a decision to give, or not to give?
In the northern reaches of the Andes — where the coffee bean is as central to life as corn is to small town Iowa — a welcoming spirit prevails.
Technology leads to growth, but the benefits won’t be automatic, so here are some policies that economists and policy experts think could help workers.
Tuesday: The new executive order, the downside of ride-hailing apps, and live-streams of New York.
Beijing denounced the United States’ decision to use the Thaad technology and vowed to “take the necessary steps to safeguard our own security interests.”
President Trump, the Supreme Court, a noteworthy stock-market debut and more: how well can you do on this week’s quiz?
Ping-Pong, or table tennis as it is officially known, is one of the fastest racket sports, requiring muscular and cardiorespiratory endurance.
The documents describe agency tools used to hack into smartphones and TVs, as well as to bypass encryption on programs like Signal and WhatsApp.
The scent and taste of lemon evoke powerful memories of childhood summers in Italy.
What matters is not whether the deficit is rising or falling, but why.
A group show in Ghana&#8217;s capital uses photography and other artistic disciplines to examine how it has changed in the 60 years since independence.
The bill seems unlikely to lower costs, does less to open up the market than conservatives had hoped and offers subsidies still seen as too generous.
Before the bill has even reached House committees, conservative senators and groups have come out against the plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.
The arrangement is on the rise in New York, offering benefits for both sides.
For families of people near death, Trish Rogers provides a unique memorial — a cast made from the patient’s hand, often joined with the hand of a loved one.
The Supreme Court may have turned down my case, but the larger movement is very much alive.
Max Vernon’s new musical sends a contemporary man back to 1973 and the UpStairs, a real New Orleans gay bar destroyed by arson.
“Swing Low, Sweet Chariot,” which in the United States evokes the darkness of slavery, has morphed into something else entirely across the Atlantic.
Scott Pruitt seems intent on building an E.P.A. leadership that is fundamentally at odds with the officials who carry out the agency’s missions.
The bunching of buses is put into poetry, with limiteds, 101s and others always seeming to travel together, as if needing company.
The president’s apologists are embarrassing.
States will be forced to decide between saving lives and caring for the elderly.
When House leaders finally unveiled their plan, the suffering it would inflict on millions of Americans was clear.
Paula Gamache takes us (and others) out.
As the show’s next-to-last season starts, where are all the main characters?
The good doctor’s precision with words isn’t exactly surgical.
A party divided against itself without a president to lead it forward.
Do you consider yourself a feminist? Why or why not?
A new exhibit offers an insider&#8217;s take on Inuit life in Alaska, putting the lie to the stereotypes made popular by televised reality shows.
Does your screen usage undermine your well-being in the long term, but you do it anyway?
Thrill-seeking is part of adolescence, but a study in 11 countries shows that they can exercise control over actual risk-taking.
When costly dental work became unavoidable, the Frugal Family decided to get it done abroad and let the savings pay for a tropical week in Thailand.
New York Times articles about wiretaps, Russians and the Obama administration superficially parallel the president’s accusations. Below the surface, the picture changes.
Our rising dependence on cameras is changing our language, and the company behind Snapchat is counting on the eventual dominance of visual culture.
Nike’s new designs have produced impressive results in international races. But they have spurred another debate about what constitutes an unfair edge.
Dr. Carlo Croce was repeatedly cleared by Ohio State University, which reaped millions from his grants. Now, he faces new whistle-blower accusations.
The Frugal Family heads to Thailand and learns why a surprising number of people travel abroad to get fillings and crowns, whitening and implants.
Make your commute a pleasant, stress-free experience.
A rigorous warm-up can keep you running smoothly, whereas a popular cool-down technique may just leave you cold.
Wednesday: Advice from fitness instructors, International Women’s Day, and a lesson on orchids.
Several publications, quoting a satirical New Yorker piece as factual, reported a frantic President Trump, wearing a bathrobe, worried about eavesdropping.
To curb the harassment and denigration of servicewomen, male and female recruits should go through boot camp together.
The demonstration on Wednesday, in which women skipped work, wore red and refused to spend money, drew far smaller crowds than the Women’s Marches in January.
Flying high above a combat zone helped me understand what was happening on the ground.
The White House released ethics filings from President Trump’s daughter and son-in-law and released details of a plan devised to avoid conflicts of interest.
Rikers Island is isolated, inhumane and violent. It should be replaced by smaller borough-based jails.
An Anthem departure would leave coverage gaps in substantial parts of several states.
Tina Brown says the women’s movement still has a lot of momentum and may return to the broader purposes of its earlier days: family and economic issues.
On opening weekend, a bit of advice: To hit your target, don’t aim.
I miss you even when you&#8217;re here.
Stocks are expensive, and many people know it. That could mean trouble down the road.
The root vegetables shed their image as a kitchen workhorse and take a starring role in this simple, tangy salad.
Nicholas Kristof will be interviewing Hillary Clinton next week.
Did Americans in positions of power betray their country? We need to know, as soon as possible.
After 15 weeks of zombie mayhem, sociopolitical metaphors and undiluted Daryl funk, the show will wrap up Season 7 on Sunday.
Few people know the struggle and angst that put two Chinese characters at the top of our home page.
Think the political fight over Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is ugly? Take a look at The Times’s coverage of Supreme Court nominees who met the buzz saw.
New research indicates a stall, maybe even a retreat, in the movement toward gender equality.
Another Trump policy that&#8217;s stalled &#8212; but will he lash out?
Friday: An Opening Day preview, weekend events, and Prospect Park’s 150th birthday.
Several factors make it harder to lose weight with age.
As she ran an ultrasound wand over my tummy, she became silent. I knew already. My baby was gone.
In this video, Times journalists at a BTS concert in Newark explore what draws so many black fans to Korean pop music.
Indian leaders are thought to be pondering pre-emptive strikes against the Pakistani arsenal in the event of war. That could alter a tenuous balance of power.
For this week’s issue, a layered portrait of the president.
While there is no surge in disappearances of children in the nation’s capital, the problems facing at-risk youth have often been ignored.
Moving is never easy, but there are some easy ways to reduce the stress.
Should The Times use “reform” sparingly? And did an obituary play down a man’s experience with discrimination?
The fight over President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee reflects years of creeping institutional shifts, partisan tensions and hypocritical arguments.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
Do dress codes make you feel special and respected, constrained and prevented from expressing your individuality, or some other feeling?
Trump’s embrace of Putin is a moral abdication so great it has stripped America’s alliances of their foundation.
Will Brexit be a success, as Prime Minister Theresa May hopes it will?
The rumors about checkpoints and raids travel fast. Some of them might even be true.
Will nostalgia for a much-shrunken industry destroy the planet?
Don’t overestimate Washington’s influence on energy markets, or underestimate the role of cities, states, businesses and consumers in cutting emissions.
American life has secularized and grand political ideologies have fallen away, but moral conflict has only intensified.
The way to bring around the forgotten men and women is to remind them, every day, that the president has forgotten them.
Photos by The New York Times and by photographers from around the world.
Who are your favorite YouTube stars? Which ones deserve a wider audience?
Panera Bread appears to be the first major restaurant chain to offer its customers information about the amount of added sugar in the beverages it sells.
David C. Duncan Dekker returns with another pangram.
When Title IX, a gender equity law, was enacted in 1972, more than 90 percent of head coaches of women’s college teams were women. It’s now about 40 percent.
Chatting with a neighbor while she feeds pigeons on an Upper East Side block.
A rising death toll raises concerns that President Trump’s approach to counterterrorism puts too many noncombatants at risk.
The Brooklyn neighborhood synonymous with poverty is working to remake itself without giving in to the forces of gentrification.
The 1950s plays “Picnic” and “Come Back, Little Sheba,” in repertory revivals at the Gym at Judson, capture the playwright’s gift for understatement.
Stephan Wolfert describes his experiences during and after the Persian Gulf war of 1991 in this autobiographical solo show.
Sparkling red wine may seem odd, but made in the traditional manner of Emilia-Romagna, this Italian red is joyous, delicious and refreshing.
These little-known red wines from the Galicia region of Spain manage to be both exuberant and restrained.
The revelation fueled criticism that Representative Devin Nunes has been too eager to do the White House’s bidding, not run an independent investigation
A restaurant serving South Asian dishes reopens in the Bronx, inside another with a resolutely American menu.
As editorial board member and columnist, Mr. Wilkins sometimes felt he had to train his fight against racism on the institution that employed him.
People with hepatitis B or hepatitis C were more likely to have Parkinson’s disease.
Older women with gum disease or tooth loss are at increased risk of dying early, researchers report.
The White House will propose keeping major planks of Nafta in place, while signing orders that lay the groundwork for stricter enforcement of trade laws.
Prevention and early detection should not be bonuses available only to those who can pay for expensive medical coverage.
The president came out swinging against the group’s members on Twitter, suggesting Republicans should “fight them” in the 2018 midterms if they do not back his agenda.
A broadcaster, an umpire, a coach. And three players. Together, they have logged nearly 200 seasons in the majors, and they’re still going.
Those mechanical cats that bring joy to those in nursing homes? Not everybody is fooled.
Adding DHA, an omega-3 fatty acid, to infant formula or prenatal supplements doesn’t improve babies’ brain development, recent reviews have found.
Thursday: Operation Conversation, a notable New Yorker, and a blog for bikers.
In a shifting civic landscape, the statue is re-emerging as resonant symbol amid a polarizing debate about immigration.
Scores of scientists and technology experts have left the White House, and conservatives — and the president — have questioned whether they need to be replaced.
A youthful love of its articles and photographs led the writer to a life of travel — and to an unexpected encounter with a fellow adventurer.
Jim Harrison’s appetite was legendary. His recipe ought to be, too.
Young adults who decide to abandon their cloistered Jewish communities have only one another — and a single organization — to help them navigate the alternate reality of modern-day New York.
What are the benefits to a college or university that highly specializes?
Some recent works by local artists are more overtly political than others, but many suggest a sense of helplessness toward what is widely seen as Beijing’s tightening grip.
Is President Trump’s executive order to roll back climate pledges a wise move for the United States? Why or why not?
Patty Carroll has been exploring women&#8217;s identity and their relationships to their domestic worlds &#8212; and always depicted with their faces obscured.
We face precisely the kind of world Donald Trump is least equipped for, mentally and morally.
A celebration for Women’s History Month in an administration where women are rare.
Judge Neil Gorsuch was the least forthcoming court nominee ever.
America doesn’t have room for two parties of “no.”
To value the humanities and the arts isn’t wimpish or elitist. It’s civilized.
Which of your five senses — sight, hearing, taste, touch or smell — would you say is your most developed? Which is your least developed?
While we might check the weather every morning, these reporters check the Air Quality Index.
Despite all the surreal, spacey visuals and structure, what this episode really needed — and the season in general — was a little more care.
The law had elicited an outcry from liberals and businesses that said it allowed discrimination against transgender individuals.
Lewis Rothlein returns to impress us.
Two months after President Trump took office, indications are mounting that the military is deepening its involvement in complex wars that lack clear outcomes.
President Trump’s proposal to slash State Department and foreign aid funding is misguided, as diplomacy can prevent conflicts and build alliances.
Getting caught up in a subway search.
The top Republican and Democrat on the committee pledged to forge ahead, while seeking to distance themselves from the troubled House inquiry.
A doctor is accused of molesting dozens of young gymnasts. Now a senator is calling for an investigation into “who knew what and when.”
One in three breast cancer patients under 45 in 2012 removed the healthy breast along with the breast affected by cancer, a new study found.
Prime Minister Theresa May gave notice of Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union, kicking off a two-year negotiation steeped in peril for both sides.
How to follow the news in a political age of anxiety.
Moving and socializing appears to perk up the aging brain.
Wednesday: Tracing tattoo history, tap dancing through Midtown and commemorating women’s suffrage.
Learn how to tune in to yourself and the world around you on your next hike.
The contest to fill Tom Price’s vacant congressional seat is an early test of whether Democrats can make use of President Trump’s unpopularity.
Events rooted in 1985, which became known as the Year of the Spy, in some ways mirror those that were set in motion during the 2016 presidential election.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to tell your friend you think she is being used for her money, and more.
Hospitals have learned to manipulate medical codes — often resulting in mind-boggling bills.
Should more medical practitioners use light therapy to fix mood disorders?
The Broadway actress on playing Eliza Hamilton and performing for the Obamas.
So far the evidence is conspicuously missing.
What does art therapy do, and how does it help trauma victims?
While much has been written about the Underground Railroad, there has been little visual documentation. But a new photo book depicts the 1,400 mile long trek through forests, swamps, safe houses, and freedom in the north.
Ignoring climate change and the benefits of clean energy only helps a rival.
He’s so deep in the tank for Donald Trump that he needs scuba gear.
After my accident, I learned firsthand how civic dysfunction can disenfranchise the vulnerable.
What do you think the image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on something happening in the world right now?
Sex in the service of the motherland isn’t as easy as it used to be.
The drug, Ocrevus by Genentech, can also be used to treat patients with the more common form of the disease.
Here’s hoping Jules Markey’s crisis isn’t too bad.
The Raiders’ move from Oakland to Las Vegas, which has no real football tradition, feels like the money grab it is.
Reversing President Obama’s climate policies will raise emissions and undercut America’s claim to leadership on the issue of global warming.
After being snubbed by the team’s new manager, Schweinsteiger, a German midfielder, stayed positive. His persistence paid off, and he landed with M.L.S.’s Chicago Fire.
Reversing clean power rules may lead to more drilling and pipelines, but economics and state initiatives still favor natural gas and renewable energy.
A dog named for one historical figure is called by the name of another.
A 25-mile-per-hour speed limit seems to have reduced accidents on Ocean Parkway. Nevertheless, the hassle of the slower speed has moved a Brooklyn power broker to act.
BlackRock is merging many actively managed mutual funds with peers that rely more on algorithms and models to pick stocks.
Learn to listen to your food as it cooks, and to rely on your senses of touch and smell.
Become a better cook by learning to rely on all five senses in the kitchen: not just sight and taste, but hearing, touch and smell.
What would his mother have thought of the painting at the Whitney Biennial?
They believe their own P.R.
For Jews in Jerusalem and around the world who wonder whether their cocktail is kosher, Rabbi Shmouel Semelman is the go-to guy.
Flanked by coal miners at the Environmental Protection Agency, President Trump signed an order directing the agency to start the process of rewriting the Clean Power Plan.
The picture that L.P.G.A. golfers paint of the president as a respectful supporter of women stands in contrast to his record of speaking about women in degrading terms, our columnist writes.
Like Keith McNally’s other French restaurants, this new one is a lovely realm of nostalgia and unfussy food.
Under pressure from conservative activists, House Republican leaders and the White House say they have restarted negotiations.
Doctors who tend to spend more in treating hospitalized patients do not get better results than those who spend less, a new study has found.
After 23 Years in TriBeCa, the innovative Japanese restaurant chain will move its nerve center next week to a grand space in the financial district.
Researchers are surprised to see very little employment increase in other occupations to offset the job losses in manufacturing.
Despite the many competing platforms that now allow for the public airing of opinions and grievances, The Times’s letters section is as robust a forum as ever.
Have you been following the news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.
What can forensic scientists tell us about a 5,000-year-old mummy, and about human nature in general?
Are the qualities and characteristics of a good follower undervalued and unappreciated?
Tuesday: Return of the Rat Reservoir, stormy weather, and what lies beneath our highways.
Updating home ec class with Caribbean chicken guisado and black-bean brownies.
Persuasion was a far bigger factor. To the extent Democratic turnout was weak, it was mainly among blacks, but that weakness has been exaggerated.
Rush, and you’ll miss hidden beaches, food trucks and one of the most elegant resorts in the Caribbean. Here’s how to find them.
In Breaux Bridge and Lafayette, La., music is the magnet — the Festival International de Louisiane is scheduled for April. Boudin is on the menu too.
The former Islamist has started a foundation to combat extremism among Muslims — and has made a lot of enemies in the process.
Online, where information is power, we’re all at risk of being exposed as vulnerable, ignorant or worse.
A comedic structure stretches how we imagine the agonies of love.
In the game’s infancy, different leagues played by different rules — and that cacophony encouraged creativity.
Truculent Trump has abdicated responsibility. Europe must step into the void.
After the health care debacle, Republicans desperately need a win. Moreover, they are massively underestimating how hard tax reform is going to be.
The energy secretary complained that students colluded to advance “diversity” over democracy at Texas A&M.
Many first-generation college students need help planning the arc of their studies when they see thousands of courses to pick from.
President Trump has said Obamacare might collapse. But it would probably take some pushing by his administration for that to happen.
Don’t patronize them, fear them. And for God’s sake don’t eat them.
If Trump explodes private markets, socialized medicine will ultimately grow.
How many do you think you take? Could you build in even more? How?
Millions of men get treatments for “low T,” though efficacy is limited and evidence of its safety is lacking.
Energy economists say the executive order is likely to fall far short on the president’s goals of increasing the nation’s “energy independence” and restoring lost coal mining jobs.
Las Vegas was willing to offer a $750 million public subsidy to gain the Raiders, even as school class sizes had to be increased for lack of funds.
In this harshly funny performance piece, a stand-up artist translates thoughts about Latino history into hyperkinetic action.
Ryan Milligan returns with a familiar form of wordplay.
The youthfulness of the anticorruption protesters across Russia this weekend surprised even organizers, and clearly rattled the government of Vladimir V. Putin.
His defeat on health care proved what many have known: His reputation as a big thinker was hollow.
Catching up, sort of, with a relative who can’t hear so well.
Backers cite projects like expanding arts therapy for veterans to rebut calls for defunding the agencies.
Maia’s divided loyalties control the future of Reddick, Boseman & Kolstad.
Patients in a fee-for-service system were 63 percent more likely to have surgery than those in system where doctors got a salary.
Influential medical groups warned that the plan would lead to a rise in the uninsured, leaving House Republicans scrambling to marshal support.
In the wake of the 2016 presidential election, the January 2017 women’s march and the first months of the Trump administration, many feminists are left asking: What’s next?
Morning people may instinctively choose a healthier diet than night owls do.
The bronze statue facing down the charging bull reminds us of the power of resistance.
Want to protect against surveillance through your iPhones, Android devices, Wi-Fi routers and Samsung televisions? Update, update, update.
Sergi Roberto scored in stoppage time to cap a remarkable 6-5 aggregate victory and bring his team a berth in the quarterfinals.
Somewhat smaller but more focused than in recent years, the 78th edition of the biennial has diversity, political conviction and many canvases.
A compliment elicits a crooked smile.
As Mayor Bill de Blasio’s homeless plan starts to take root in neighborhoods across the city, Crown Heights residents reflect the uphill battle.
The homeland security chief once seemed to understand how misguided the administration’s policies would be.
The statement reinforced a conundrum: Either the president’s assertions that President Barack Obama wiretapped him are baseless, or he may have implicated himself in a government investigation.
This new song cycle by Ethan Lipton (“No Place to Go”) imagines a relocation to a spot across the solar system.
Jeremy Newton makes us consider life choices.
Swashbuckling is nice and all, but sometimes a good superhero story just wants to scare the pants off you.
If you could have anything in the world for dinner tonight, what would it be?
He is trying to both politicize and marginalize the intelligence community.
As he’s done all his life, Donald Trump sold those around him a bill of goods.
Janis Joplin had President Trump’s number.
Coincidences happen, but there are reasons to suspect collusion.
Inviting low-income high-schoolers into advanced-level courses can get them past fears that they’re not college material.
The president’s electoral coalition has been 50 years in the making. It may prove to be enduring.
Stephanie Calabrese&#8217;s iPhone project on her adopted Georgia hometown shows a place that has reinvented itself through the years, and a story she hopes others will seek in their own communities.
How would the proposed legislation change the Affordable Care Act?
Do college campuses have a duty to exemplify how to debate unpopular ideas with civility?
Olivier Assayas’s new film is both a supernatural thriller and an unnerving inquiry into the drift and mystery of modern life.
In this remake, the beast King Kong has a new look and a new beauty (Brie Larson), who’s feistier than her predecessors.
Sexual assault accusations piled up while the university made football its top priority. The victims, furious alumni and the authorities are seeking answers.
Research shows that the men moving into traditionally female jobs tend to be disadvantaged in terms of race and class.
No one would have pegged my brother as a good running companion. But after he died in 2009, that’s what he became.
Thursday: A craftsman’s workshop, the “Fearless Girl,” and the death of Notorious B.I.G.
The president is marshaling the full power of his office to woo Republicans, disarm conservatives and win passage of a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
One reader says she may have to marry her boyfriend to get him health insurance.
Anti-South Korean sentiment has broken out across China after the South’s embrace of a U.S. missile defense system that China says can be used to spy on its territory.
In a Houston lawsuit, officials are defending a system that jails the poor, but the D.A. and sheriff say they can’t support it.
The statement by Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, contradicts scientific consensus that carbon dioxide is heating the planet.
For some patients, the intensive care unit is the right place to be, even if there is no cure in sight.
Deviled eggs, deep-fried corn on the cob and scrapple honor the chef’s roots at this restaurant in Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn.
Neymar showed why there is no denying his greatness on Wednesday, fueling the greatest comeback in UEFA Champions League history.
Sales have soared over the last 15 years, and so has the level of quality for this distinctive spirit.
A new study found that two tests were particularly effective in helping to determine the cause of a stillbirth.
The Ascend Public Charter Schools network tries doing away with unforgiving disciplinary codes.
The Independent Budget Office offered 90 ways for the city to either save money it now spends or to collect some from stones unturned.
Snowed in on Long Island with kosher egg rolls and pigs-in-a-blanket.
President Trump had a habit during his campaign for “working the referees,” and the Congressional Budget Office is now a target of his efforts to cast doubt on institutions long seen as trustworthy.
The president’s ouster, after months of turmoil over a corruption scandal, is expected to shift the country’s politics to the opposition on the left.
The clues are en fuego in Pawel Fludzinski’s creation.
The director Sam Gold and his cast, led by an intrepid Sally Field, have deconstructed the Tennessee Williams classic. But don’t expect the pieces to be reassembled.
What was the weather like where you live this winter? Are you seeing signs of spring, and, if so, did they come earlier than usual?
Photos by The New York Times and by photographers from around the world.
Requests for a new troop surge in Afghanistan must be met with skepticism.
What were Republicans thinking? Were they even thinking?
Like Thomas Cromwell, the Trump-whisperer in the West Wing is brilliant, cunning and full of contradictions.
It’s not just a bill, it’s the end of an era in American politics.
Republicans should ask Democrats for help in replacing Obamacare, and Democrats should say yes. That will lead to the most lasting and effective plan.
Education reform often skips over one of the best solutions for helping students. Chicago shows how it can be done.
What academic and personal strengths — and what similar obstacles and challenges — do the scholarship winners have in common?
What lines should be drawn when it comes to the newest sports equipment?
The economy added 235,000 jobs and unemployment fell to 4.7 percent in the first full month of President Trump’s term, continuing an upturn in the labor market.
A good mother does bad things on behalf of her bullied son. Should she feel triumphant or ashamed?
Should The Times run ads that argue against scientific consensus? And was reporting on the recent WikiLeaks document dump the right call?
The Republicans’ plan offers less help to older and lower-income Americans, especially in rural areas, according to a new Upshot analysis.
The lowriders defy expectations — extreme in their self-expression, admirable in their individuality and passionate in their pursuit of the American dream.
As my grandma’s mind deteriorated, I felt myself holding on to her by becoming the woman we both wanted to be.
The Mediterranean diet helps even if you are taking statins and, along with other benefits, might help avoid the need for statins altogether.
Friday: Hints of spring in snow, weekend events, and Saturday night in your neighborhood.
The policy proposals and the online comments that those attract offer a look at the issues on the minds of Chinese people today.
Just days after President Trump signed his first travel ban, Sardar Hussain “did something about which I still shake my head and chuckle: He decided to get on the airplane anyway.”
Donald J. Trump seems averse to talking with professional economists. He should get over it.
The burdens of elder care can be particularly difficult when they come years before expected, in what researchers call “off-time events.”
When it comes to reporting on immigration, even the most basic terminology is fraught with political implications.
In 2017, why must it be news that Debbie Antonelli, who has worked men’s games since the mid-1990s, will be a broadcaster for the men’s tournament?
Two children interrupted a political-science professor live on the air while he was trying to explain the South Korea impeachment scandal.
The answer is more ambiguous than you might think, and boils down to your philosophy of how the economy works.
What jet lag, insomnia and mental illness have in common.
Fragrant with spices, tangy with lemon, and filled with vegetables, this is not your typical bowl.
Travelers and industry executives say that travel bans issued by President Trump and high-profile detentions could discourage visits to the country.
Braise lean, tender rabbit with wine, herbs, mustard and crème fraîche for a classic and marvelous meal.
Scott Gottlieb, a partner at a venture capital fund, has longstanding ties to the drug and biotech industries.
Times reporters are in Mosul, Iraq, to assess reports that less time is being taken to weigh risks for civilians as the battle intensifies.
The demands followed revelations that the committee’s chairman had met on White House grounds with a source who showed him secret intelligence reports.
A hard-driving businesswoman, “Hurricane Ella” has mentored generations of chefs, including Paul Prudhomme and Emeril Lagasse.
Mr. Navalny was arrested on Sunday during mass anticorruption protests across Russia that he had helped to inspire on social media.
Other quarterbacks, perhaps lesser ones, have landed spots on N.F.L. rosters. Some wonder if Kaepernick’s protests have kept teams away.
The Bar, as it will be called when it opens this spring, will retain a midcentury spirit in design and drinks.
A 6- to 8-ounce daily serving of juice was not tied to excess weight gain in children under 18.
Feminist activism blossomed here as recently as 2015, but today it is in a deep freeze.
Why did House Republican leaders pull their proposed legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act?
What is the “new galvanizing force” that some believe can finally make the E.R.A. a reality after decades of stalled progress?
Monday: The city’s cinematic sweet spot, a week of warm weather, and the first film in New York.
Actively cultivating positive emotions may boost the immune system and counter depression.
In a study, more restrictive policies about drinking were associated with fewer teenage deaths.
A monthslong regimen can compensate for what eye muscles no longer can do.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
The development has raised fears of a broader crackdown more than two years after protests demanding freer elections swept Hong Kong.
Six years after its last famine, another is about to tighten its grip on Somalia. South Sudan, Nigeria and Yemen are also at risk.
Mr. Trump’s inaugural budget blueprint is a narrow-minded document that sacrifices American innovation to small-bore politics.
Hillary Clinton lost the Catholic vote and her unwavering support for abortion rights is one reason.
As the controlling party, you must move from the hissing audience to the sweltering spotlight.
But will Trump prefer to make America suffer?
One hundred years ago, Russia’s communist insurgents faced a stiff challenge from an intransigent bureaucracy.
We were surprised by Donald Trump because we assumed both humans and history were driven by reason.
Since taking office on June 30, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines has made it open season on drug dealers and users, whose killings have been documented by brave and dedicated local journalists.
Efforts to overhaul the world’s No. 2 economy have “fallen into stalemate,” contends a report that chastises national policy makers and local officials.
Chuck’s wife negotiates a deal to help ease her husband’s burdens. So why does Chuck feel so bad?
“Baby Jane” wraps up, and the tension sets in.
Sunday’s episode raised some questions and addressed several outstanding ones from the past seven weeks.
Lynn Nottage’s bracingly topical play explores the working-class anger and anxieties that put Donald J. Trump in the White House.
This week, a video tells a lie, but it’s a lie that half the country wants to hear and embrace. And the truth won’t put a dent in that.
Congressional Republicans face a challenge made more difficult by the collapse of their health care bill, and may have to scale back their grand plans.
After a decades-long project to undercut the mainstream news media, some right-leaning organizations are pushing back, our media columnist writes.
President Trump’s fury over leaked government secrets evokes the Nixon administration’s frantic efforts to block publication of the Pentagon Papers.
A man recovering from bypass surgery senses his ex-wife’s revenge coming from the radio in an a semiprivate hospital room.
As Congress acts to roll back regulations limiting access to consumer data, several states are considering laws that could have a wide impact.
Tom McCoy is watching us.
This play about Samuel Beckett and Andre the Giant is based on fact and the imaginings of the playwright Gino Dilorio.
One of the oldest players in N.C.A.A tournament history helped Oregon advance to the national semifinals for the first time in 78 years.
A writer returns to the subject of past columns for a glimpse at what the future holds.
After the president suffered his first defeat on Capitol Hill, can the White House still make good on its legislative promises?
Marie Haley talks about how she met Merl Reagle, this year’s MEmoRiaL recipient, and keeping Merl’s name alive.
It could be another victory for Dan Feyer. But it’s not over until it’s over.
Tracy Gray and Jeff Chen try to blend in.
The presidency of Donald Trump doesn’t spell the end of criminal justice reform. It may just be getting started.
The reason Jesus came to us “acquainted with grief.”
Our most successful cities are conspiracies against the public good.
Legislators have a constitutional responsibility to approve protracted foreign military action.
We don’t need to traffic in conspiracy theories to realize how outrageous Trump is.
Dear President Trump: Are we going to lose so much, we’ll get tired of losing?
The A.C.P.T. doesn’t run itself.
More people are rejecting general anesthesia for procedures, prompting doctors to narrate their steps as they deal with alert patients asking questions.
The health bill’s defeat leaves the president facing a wrenching choice: ceding power to his party’s anti-establishment wing, or seeking other pathways to successful governing.
In which we see Sam Ezersky’s handiwork two days in a row.
The victory revived the Americans’ hopes of making the World Cup for the eighth consecutive time.
When a tenant in a rent-stabilized building refuses to stop having loud all-night parties, what can the neighbors do?
Sam Ezersky and David Steinberg offer us a puzzle that will be a learning experience for some.
Despite their ceaseless attacks on Obamacare, Republicans leaders never had a workable replacement plan.
He has crafted an administration in his own image: vain, narcissistic and dangerous.
President Trump and congressional Republicans must decide quickly whether to make the law work or try to undermine it.
Understanding how she got swept up in evil has been a lifelong question for me.
We need to be budgeting to defend against the next pandemic.
The climber Royal Robbins, who died recently, was a pioneer on Yosemite’s big walls, where he practiced a minimalist, spiritual approach.
His and Paul Ryan’s attempt to end Obamacare went embarrassingly off the rails
A London native who sped by motorcycle to cover the terrorist attack at Parliament recounts the mix of emotions it evoked.
A classic Indian dish of hard-cooked eggs in a robust tomato sauce satisfies for supper.
American military officials insisted that the rules of engagement had not changed in Iraq, despite a recent surge in reports of civilian deaths.
The glorification of leadership skills, especially in college admissions, has emptied leadership of its meaning.
For more than 20 years, The Times Magazine has published Lives, a series of incisive personal essays or as-told-to accounts. Here are some of our favorites.
Some of the greatest values in wine come from grapes that are little known or historically despised.
Sarah Lewis&#8217;s lecture series at the Brooklyn Public Library examines the role of race, identity and photography &#8211; and vindicates her grandfather.
Firm-fleshed and lean, monkfish was once known as poor man’s lobster.
A crowdsourced portrait of New York City at its noisy, gentrified, garbage-strewn best.
Saturday will be the final evening for the small chef’s counter in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
The disease remains the world&#8217;s leading infectious killer of adults.
Some people are calling Sam Gold’s “The Glass Menagerie” manipulative. I call it vital theater.
Red cabbage is not as high as blueberries in the antioxidants that give these foods a blue or purple color, but it contains other healthful nutrients.
House Republican leaders withdrew legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act from the House floor before it could be defeated, a loss for President Trump.
Culture shock is fading, say the handlers of Bao Bao, the panda from the National Zoo in Washington, as she settles into the land of her ancestors.
The pains of losing the Affordable Care Act would generate a gigantic backlash. But universal access to Medicare would change that.
His release, six years after he was toppled during the Arab Spring, capped a largely fruitless effort to hold him accountable for rights abuses and corruption.
Friday: The state of the block, weekend activities, and a chat with our borough presidents.
Moving from wealth in Korea to poverty in California, she delighted in finding ways to stretch a dollar on American fast food.
Why do children ask so many questions? How should grown-ups nurture that curiosity? What role should asking questions and seeking answers play in our lives as we get older?
Should The Times have run a gruesome photo of a woman injured in the London terror attack? And did a video of a drug raid need to be set to autoplay?
Defying obstacles, and her husband, to pursue an education and a career.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
When a guest in someone’s home, keep your “I’m good” to yourself.
What challenges make preventing terrorism difficult for authorities of any nation, and why?
Will an increase of three to five minutes of physical activity during class time help students focus better and have more energy?
The investigation into the Trump team’s possible collusion with Russians during the 2016 election may turn on a powerful, arcane law.
Republicans behind a health care bill found a new way to ignore regular people.
On politicians who aren’t real leaders, but play leaders on TV.
There’s another president Donald Trump Jr. can look to for inspiration — and do the country a favor in the process.
Since 2015, migration between Turkey and Greece has fallen sharply, and a smuggler says he has left the business. Homeless in Turkey, a Syrian refugee boy must continue to roam for work.
The singing scenery of “Miss Saigon” is back on Broadway, with political corrections and a newly proportioned cast.
Michael Hawkins and John Guzzetta deliver a late-week puzzle that might require a few attempts.
Republicans struggle with some bad optics on gender.
A recent arrival to New York passes out on a bus and is helped by a couple who was just arguing.
Allegations of harassment at the feminist-minded company Thinx expose bigger problems with our market-driven society.
The order, sent to all American embassies, would make it tougher for millions of visitors to enter the United States, marking the first sign of the president’s “extreme vetting.”
The head of the House Intelligence Committee is trying to shift attention away from allegations of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
The opioid crisis is often seen as a scourge of white rural areas and the Rust Belt, but among blacks and Latinos in the Bronx it has been a constant presence.
Cole Porter’s lost musical from 1930 raises a glass to the giddy heyday of Prohibition and high (really high) society.
Dental problems are epidemic among older people. Experts are scrambling to address them in a variety of ways.
In their quiet, stoical way, citizens defied terror by simply going about city life as normal.
Nearly 900 teenagers from around the world sent in submissions. Here are our winners, runners-up and honorable mentions.
The Senate voted to overturn regulations that required telecom companies to ask permission before tracking users’ behavior, beginning a repeal of Obama-era regulations.
Kinsey Wilson, the executive vice president of product and technology, responds to reader concerns about efforts to tailor Times content.
Pew surveys also show people disagree on whether it should be mandatory or optional.
Hot type or cold, computerized or not, we have found ways to send mixed messages to an unintended audience.
The authorities said the suspect, a teenage citizen of the United States and Israel, masked the origin of his calls. His lawyer said he suffered from a brain tumor that affected his behavior.
What other industries or aspects of life need more diversity — of race, religion, ethnicity, size, age, gender or anything else? Why?
President Trump told his party to fall in line behind a health insurance overhaul, and demanded a Friday vote on a bill that appeared to lack a majority to pass.
Mentoring former military men and women eager to find their place in civilian society has opened new doors in the years remaining to me.
Certain kinds of exercise may mitigate the effects of aging at the cellular level.
Thursday: Sprucing up the city, revisiting a mob figure, and breaking ground on the subway.
The White House sent out a greeting for Nowruz, the Persian New Year, after hard-liners in the administration pruned lines seen as olive branches to Tehran.
Communing with some of the biggest trees on Earth.
What delights are in store when childhood rules are broken, especially on vacation?
The oddest thing about defanged children’s versions of popular songs is that they have a much more perverse bite than their source material.
After more than five years of self-imposed pop exile, this guitar virtuoso wants another blockbuster album. Then he hopes to settle down.
Radishes, sweet butter and coarse salt are a testament to restraint.
How are museums seeking to address a declining understanding of World War II and the Holocaust?
Rocio De Alba has been photographing women who &#8212; like her &#8212; have confronted their substance abuse to lead fulfilling, if challenging, lives.
Cognitive skills are important, but so are harder-to-measure strengths that fall under the heading of what is sometimes called character.
We are now experiencing the very thing Team Trump warned about: a compromised presidency and a possible constitutional crisis.
A platform associated with the gutter of young humanity had blossomed with tenderness.
Did a traitor work with Russia to help Trump?
A problem with stripping away minimum benefit rules is that the whole idea of “health insurance” starts to become murky.
Beneath the myriad twists and the surreal aesthetic flourishes, the story of “Legion” is actually quite simple.
There’s a slim chance that you will be able to solve Sandy Ganzell’s New York Times Crossword debut.
Forcing local authorities to help round up unauthorized immigrants is wrong on both practical and constitutional grounds.
This season’s team, a No. 1 seed in the N.C.A.A. tournament, has demanded more than just X’s and O’s and motivational speeches from Self. And he has given more.
Paul Ryan’s bid to win conservative votes for his health care plan would make it harder for some people to hold jobs.
A mass benching helped the Warriors shake off a losing streak, and many credit Gregg Popovich’s strategy of holding out Tim Duncan with extending his career.
No wonder the saxophone player didn’t look like an octogenarian.
Knock knock. Did you hear the one about how investigative reporter Susanne Craig got her first page one story?
Kory Stamper reveals the secret life of dictionaries in her book “Word by Word,” and in a visit to headquarters (oddities in the basement included).
A $5 cellphone add-on provides a quick and easy measure of your sperm count and motility.
Passing the plan could endanger President Trump’s hold on white-working class voters in areas like the Rust Belt.
The plan is struggling to gain support from Republicans, but not necessarily because of how it would affect their constituents.
Republicans could pass a deeply unpopular bill that could wreak havoc with their own voters, or turn it back and wound the president’s agenda.
Women in Burundi demand a seat at the table.
Prime Minister Theresa May, who was hastily evacuated from Parliament, called the assault a “sick and depraved terrorist attack.”
Max Aguilera-Hellweg&#8217;s new book, &#8220;Humanoid,&#8221; is a deep dive into the world of robots and artificial intelligence, and an extension of his own inquiry into the nature of life and consciousness.
Being overweight when young may increase the risk for liver cancer later in life.
In this lesson, students use the Times’s series Carbon’s Casualties to learn about how climate change is displacing people around the world.
Wednesday: A brief history of Russian spies in New York, Preet Bharara joins N.Y.U., and swipe-sharing.
Use your workout to cultivate mental strength, as well as physical.
A new study of postal workers in Scotland suggests we should aim for far more than the 10,000 daily steps commonly recommended.
As the White House presses for bone-deep spending cuts, some Republican governors have complained about reductions that they see as harmful or arbitrary.
Joining up with the Great Loop, an intricate route that transforms half the United States into an island.
The host of CNN’s “Believer” on converting from and back to Islam and why watching TV is so important.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to preserve a historical artifact with a troubling history and whether scholarship funds should be only for the neediest.
This gargantuan shrine to democracy has never felt so surreal.
For a 3-year-old boy on a family trip, the airport itself is the destination.
What do you do, and where do you go, when you need to escape your problems? Where would you go if you could escape anywhere? Why?
President Trump’s wiretap claim highlights how political polarization affects the consumption of information.
The president’s stance on science funding could have serious consequences.
Can Donald Trump ditch his imagined grievances and save his presidency?
An open letter to the adults in the Trump administration with the most integrity.
When the alt-right adopts Jane Austen.
The president should resist the pressure from his far-right flank to allow discrimination by federal employees.
My core belief is that my brothers and sisters in disability are O.K. as they are.
Should society devote its limited resources to resurrecting extinct species, or try to prevent future extinctions?
Amid the wigs, mustaches and growing self-alienation, a familiar face comes out of hiding.
A fresh idea by Jeffrey Wechsler.
In acquiring the ace Chris Sale, Boston showed that it was living for the here and now. In passing on him, the Yankees chose to bet on the future.
The G.O.P. has no coherent idea or shared vision of what it wants to achieve, aside from killing Obamacare.
Enjoying breakfast in the back of a cab bound for La Guardia.
“Julius Caesar” and “X: Or, Betty Shabazz v. the Nation” illuminate each other as they run in repertory at the New Victory Theater.
The White House is preparing to dismantle major policy actions of the Obama era, including a plan to close hundreds of heavily polluting power plants.
The Natural Resources Defense Council, an environmental group, said lower demand reduced greenhouse gas emissions.
We asked readers to suggest actors for the HBO mini-series about the 2016 presidential campaign from the journalists behind “Game Change.”
Maybe this looks like amateur hour because it is.
Winning Vietnam meant winning hearts and minds. But the Americans insisted on doing it with guns and bombs.
One congressman’s 50 days of peculiar presidential encounters.
The government might give a French company monopoly rights to a potential Zika vaccine. Taxpayers, who helped fund the research, will lose out.
Natan Last makes wisecracks and wise stacks.
In the impoverished northeast, devoted parents live around the needs of children whose grave disabilities are only beginning to be understood.
Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah suggested that Americans should invest in health care rather than “getting that new iPhone.” His constituents had something to say about that.
Gary Disch introduces us to a new puzzle based on a classic board game.
The Manhattan federal prosecutor was among 46 United States attorneys who had been ordered to submit their resignations.
Veterans with less than honorable discharges will soon be eligible for emergency mental health care.
We have nothing to lose but our electronic chains.
Toxic chemicals in products all around us may threaten our future.
The ugly protest at Middlebury is a wake-up call. We’re failing today’s students.
The logical conclusion of the Republicans’ efforts is to cut off people who need care.
Alan Arbesfeld has something to add.
Two Times journalists reflect on their coverage of Brazilian families who are coping with the effects of the Zika epidemic.
The Rutgers athletic program has lived high above its means in its pursuit of success in college athletics.
Just when many thought they had avoided a harsh winter, the National Weather Service forecast possible blizzard conditions from Washington to Boston.
The president has called for speeding up growth, but the central bank estimates that the economy is already growing at something like the maximum sustainable pace.
Alan Deloriea won’t take this puzzle back.
The turbocharged ratings are a surprise even to seen-it-all executives who had been bracing for a plunge in viewership after the excitement of the election.
A rider realizes that his patented method of snagging an empty seat needs work.
Trump derided Obama’s anti-ISIS strategy as a disaster, though offering none of his own.
Villanova, last year’s champion, is back in the top spot, and many of the other usual suspects are right behind it.
Why, exactly, do the writers torture this character so much? His character? His cruelty? His impulsiveness? Enough!
In this play, three women try to figure out a suitable purpose for a site behind a former prison associated with Augusto Pinochet.
This musical pushes emotional buttons as it portrays a town’s efforts to accommodate travelers whose planes were diverted to a Canadian town after the 9/11 attacks.
After spending the past few weeks on the Alexandrians’ efforts to organize an alliance to battle the Saviors, the show spent Sunday with the Kingdom.
She was the linchpin of the narrative. Now she and the show seem a little unmoored.
As Katharine Hepburn once observed, happy sets often make for boring movies.
Lies, damned lies, and the totalitarian mind-set.
He appears to view the Treasury as a personal piggy bank and the presidency as a part-time job.
Our biology may offer a challenge to the common wisdom about the artificial extension of life.
We’ve come to accept the conflict as a perpetual state, an enterprise to be managed rather than ended as soon as possible.
How the United States has turned Russia into a spiritual foe, rather than just a geopolitical rival.
How a president and a protest movement transformed the Democrats.
Millions of Americans take part in pools for the N.C.A.A. men’s basketball tournament, pools that can be straightforward or surprisingly complex.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
For the first time in almost a decade, Fed officials are signaling a greater collective confidence and unanimity that the economy can handle tighter money.
You may be dazzled to see that they are truly grown up, and yet you may still need to take care of them.
Alcohol remains one of the most controversial and confusing topics for people concerned about controlling their weight.
Monday: Saying farewell to a fixture, preparing for a possible blizzard, and applying for city jobs.
What additions would you make to The Times’ “25 Songs That Tell Us Where Music is Going”?
Insurance plans offered directly by hospitals or health systems have a better track record for customer service, a study shows.
At their four restaurants in Memphis, the chefs Andrew Ticer and Michael Hudman build Italian dishes with the local ingredients they love.
Which underdog will shake up the tournament? Here are six upsets we think can happen.
Applying for financial aid got harder at an inopportune time for many students, and federal agencies were slow to explain a problem with a data tool.
The use of smartphones and tablets has exploded over the same period that drug use has declined among American teens. Researchers say the correlation is worth exploring.
Her death came 10 days after a “Modern Love” column in The Times about her illness titled, “You May Want to Marry My Husband.”
The judgment by the Congressional Budget Office did not back up the president’s promise of providing health care for everyone but may help bring in rebellious conservatives.
The latest Sunday Review intentionally didn’t mention President Trump’s name, and many readers breathed a sigh of relief.
Political discourse in the United States is at a boiling point, and nowhere is the reaction to that more heightened than on campuses like Middlebury.
Exploring the ways the professional affects the personal leads to an entertaining episode.
Tokyo Electric Power Company has made progress toward reducing radiation levels on the Fukushima plant grounds. Still, we wondered about our health.
The Congressional Budget Office came in even worse on coverage than expected, but it was obvious the news would be terrible.
Recalling an encounter with the Sultan of Swat while playing punchball on the Upper West Side.
A nonpartisan analysis reveals that President Trump’s promise of “insurance for everybody” is hollow.
Prominent Senate Democrats warn of budget battles over building a wall on the Mexican border, an increase in immigration officers and funding for Planned Parenthood.
Damon J. Gulczynski makes us green.
In Stephen Adly Guirgis’s play, directed by Estelle Parsons at La MaMa, Satan’s arrival unleashes magic.
The Debate Society’s leisurely and copiously detailed production contemplates two Chicago World’s Fairs, and everything in between.
It can help to offer support instead of silence.
People with prominent collections and unsettled consciences have stepped forward to investigate what they own.
The move closes a fraught chapter in the country’s economic history, but Iceland faces new challenges as growth rebounds — some say too quickly for its own good.
While Billie Holiday&#8217;s short life was filled with hardship, Jerry Dantzic documented not the tragic torch singer of myth but a middle-aged woman finding simple comforts from the maelstrom.
And how that lie led the Republicans into the mess they’re now in.
One man’s recipe for faith in America.
In Georgia, keeping students solvent until graduation brings their university big dividends.
Any film about a person with autism can offer only a partial truth.
Wilders, the Netherlands and the alt-Right universe
In 27 words, the Scottish novelist gives character to the little disruptors that live in our pockets.
We risk obscuring real sources of violence when a tweet can be considered a tool of war.
Is the bracket competition more fun than the actual game? Why or why not?
Six years after the Arab Spring, the country’s democracy activists live under constant threat of prison — or worse.
Lower insurance prices were a silver lining for Republicans in the C.B.O. report, but the plan would effectively cover fewer older Americans.
Seven inches of snow fell in New York City and more than two feet in Pennsylvania. Aboveground subway service and limited Metro-North service were restored about 6 p.m.
A prototype of a prosthetic leg aims to allow amputees to move naturally in the water.
If you’re going to be shoveling snow today, you may as well make it a mindful time.
Have you been following the news? Take our quiz to see what you know and to learn more.
What parents of white children must do in the age of Trump.
Nationalists seem convinced that they would win a new referendum, thanks largely to Britain’s vote to leave the European Union.
The bookstore and vegetarian restaurant in Bridgeport, Conn., has been following its appetites and ideals since it opened in 1977.
Aaron Franklin, a new-traditionalist tinkerer, is producing exemplary brisket and long lines in Austin, Tex.
Through music and relationships, a man with Asperger’s syndrome finds another way to be “normal.”
Real populism doesn&#8217;t sell, but fake populism has problems too.
During Nowruz, the holiday table abounds with vibrantly flavored dishes dense with herbs and symbolism.
Since the election, many restaurateurs have taken a stand on tough issues, especially immigration. But others are torn.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan cited the Congressional Budget Office’s forecast for a $337 billion cut in the deficit to try to gain the backing of G.O.P. conservatives.
The 273-year-old club in Scotland was one of the last remaining holdouts against female membership.
Numerous top aides to President Trump don’t bring the typical expertise to their positions. They do bring fidelity to Mr. Trump.
This Jeff Talbott play tells of the exhaustion a cemetery laborer encounters as he navigates his relationships at work and at home.
Earth to Mr. King: Illegal immigration is not an abortion-linked repopulation scheme.
The exclusive Scottish club, established in 1744, may have chosen pragmatism over progress: Had it not voted to do so, it would be taken out of the rotation to host the British Open.
An overheard snippet about the loss of a familiar bloodsucker.
A lawsuit contends that the main ingredient in Roundup, the world’s most widely used weed killer, can cause cancer.
The MSNBC host Rachel Maddow disclosed information from President Trump’s 2005 tax return on Tuesday night.
Bruce Haight doesn’t quite square with us.
Voices are seldom raised in Rachel Bonds’s beautifully acted play, and big, confrontational truths mostly remain unspoken.
This week’s episode was quiet, dark and ominous.
Even a week or so spent eating and drinking your way around this rural area of southwestern France is enough to spark a lifelong love affair.
The vote Wednesday is a key gauge of whether, in a time of growing nationalism, once-strong barriers to the far right still stand on the Continent.
At an age when most people are retired, Elliott Erwitt keeps working as hard as ever. He has to, but not for the reason you might suspect
Don’t despair. Our constitutional system is working as it’s supposed to.
President Trump needs to negotiate with North Korea to freeze its nuclear program.
The president’s daughter wants all of the perks with none of the blame.
As a young reporter, I soon came to see the lies and mistakes leading America into disaster.
Is religious conservatism ascendant or countercultural?
Researchers wonder if young people’s regular drug use has declined because they are constantly stimulated and entertained by their computers and phones?
The congressional candidate on what the Republican Party is doing right and how being a Gamergate target prepared her to run for office.
Derek DelGaudio takes illusionism to new conceptual heights.
The Ethicist columnist on suspecting a possibly factitious disorder and whether to call out someone’s racist joke.
The health law has been less competitive than proponents had hoped, and prices have gone up sharply. That’s not the same as a complete market failure.
Running a marathon in under two hours may be easier than we think, a new study suggests. At least for some of us.
Wednesday: Snow and ice injuries, where to go sledding, and winter warnings for pets.
I trusted USA Gymnastics, but its institutional tolerance of abusive training helped create a culture conducive to sexual abuse.
Background checks and waiting periods for gun purchases may help reduce suicide rates, a new study suggests.
Four men, including two Russian intelligence agents, were charged for their roles in the theft of 500 million Yahoo accounts in 2014.
To help teachers make the most of these films, we also provide a grab-bag of teaching ideas, related readings and student activities.
Both rulings — the one in Hawaii more expansive than the one in Maryland — said the likely purpose of the president’s order was a de facto ban on Muslims.
In the crowds and on the field, there’s plenty of flair in the W.B.C. At M.L.B. games, by contrast, the atmosphere has a manufactured feel.
If most of the world’s coral reefs die, some of the richest and most colorful life in the ocean could be lost, along with huge sums from reef tourism.
Canadians with cystic fibrosis survive on average more than 10 years longer than Americans with the disease. Health insurance differences may be why.
Representative Devin Nunes, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said he did not think there had been a wiretap on Trump Tower.
Its genesis was sparked by the women all across Africa who somehow managed to carry the continent on their backs.
Donald Trump, speaking to auto executives and workers in a former assembly plant near Detroit, halted a move by Barack Obama to tighten fuel-economy standards.
The Fed seems to believe it has reached a sweet spot after nearly eight years of trying to nurse the economy back to health.
You’ll need some luck to win, but this table can help by looking at differences between experts and the wisdom of crowds.
The plan represents Mr. Trump’s first real effort to translate his broad but vague campaign themes into the black and white of spending priorities.
Sometimes, a knowing look is all you need to get your message across.
The top players in the women’s game may sit out for the home team at the world championships this month. Their fight over pay is nothing new.
In David Byrne’s inert new musical, France’s favorite saint storms England with power chords.
Joel Fagliano‘s blizzard is black.
You know you’re in trouble when your mental condition is best symbolized by an ant with a fungal brain infection.
Patients who continued to take the cholesterol-lowering drugs on the day of surgery had a 48 percent reduced risk of dying in the next 30 days.
In reordering the nation’s priorities, the president would send billions to the southern border and the Pentagon and cut funds for foreign aid and the environment.
Is this period in internet history the beginning of a renaissance in art and culture?
A parable considers the Republican “health care” plan.
President Obama imposed restraints on drone strikes. President Trump should keep them.
A visit to Andrew Jackson’s home was part of Trump’s effort to present himself as Jackson’s outsider soul brother.
Trump’s life story is a pyramid scheme of ambitions.
Like many rural Americans, I set off in search of opportunity. Now I realize I need to go back.
Judge Gorsuch’s hearing next week will test whether the modern confirmation process can succeed in eliciting a nominee’s views. Here are a few questions.
Lower-income men in America are in a bad way. Would better child-care policies make a difference? The Trump family thinks so.
What is the best way to discuss difficult and morally complex issues with children?
Josh Haner flew his first drone around his living room. Since then, he has shot award-winning video and stills in China and elsewhere, showing not just new vistas, but also new ways of storytelling.
A blog about children’s books demonstrates the universal pain of mostly forgotten memories.
A fruit-filled pancake as thick and even as a layer of birthday cake.
She had undergone a procedure for her future pregnancy. But then the woman began to feel feeble and her skin became irritated.
Thursday: Knowing your nose, the new travel ban, and Bach in the Subways.
Colorectal cancers are on the rise in younger people, but doctors and patients often remain unaware of the risk.
The next child doesn’t replace or displace. The next child adds to.
I was in a funk about what to do about a D.C.I.S. diagnosis. Music helped guide me.
The New York Times is assembling a dedicated team for climate coverage — and it’s already reshaping our news report.
Federal and state prosecutors decline to bring charges after conducting separate investigations into the New York City mayor’s campaign finance practices.
On the 50th anniversary of the first popular consumer microwave oven, the devices are back in the news — in an unaccustomed role.
A vast number of choices and contradictory advice can make buying a set baffling, but a few principles will help simplify the process.
The American Health Care Act doesn’t achieve all of their favorite health policy goals. To do that, they’ll need regulations and more legislation.
Supporters defended the president’s budget plan as necessary, but opponents called it “draconian” and “shameful.” Even members of his party questioned some of the cuts.
A statue intended as a symbol of women’s power may be Instagram-friendly, but it’s a covert exercise in corporate imaging, our columnist writes.
The impending demise of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey conjures memories of a toy flashlight, Mercurochrome and the old Madison Square Garden.
In this Text to Text, we pair Hopper’s “Room in New York” with Dahl’s “Lamb to the Slaughter” and ask, What truths are buried in silence?
The administration’s first budget is light on detail and substance but heavy on pain, including for the people who voted for Mr. Trump.
Jacob Stulberg triple-crosses us.
This ardently acted revival shows Arthur Miller’s 1968 play as a smaller, more stolid work than it wants to be — still just a little out of style.
What’s on your “bucket list,” or wish list of things you want to do before you die?
I’m nearly 50, so springtime has moved, on average, a full two weeks since I was born. And you?
Government spending is full of pointless waste — until you try to cut it.
The gall. Yet at this very moment, some 50,000 undocumented Irish are living in our country!
President Trump has abandoned Steve Bannon’s governing philosophy, and with it, the benefits the working class counted on.
A large insurer that has praised the Republican health bill also has a big incentive to make the president happy.
And what is it about a photograph that makes it especially meaningful or memorable?
Wear the home team’s apparel, or costumes. Pay attention to the game, not your phone.
Selected by Matthew Zapruder.
The musical — a love story set during the Vietnam War — ignited a fierce debate over the casting of a white actor in a Eurasian role. Now, it’s back on Broadway.
Mr. Podhoretz, the former editor at Commentary magazine, looks back at the fierce, argumentative parties of New York’s intelligentsia.
Also: Were Judge Gorsuch’s ties to a billionaire truly a “web”? And was that billionaire actually “secretive”?
Should a Times culture writer have commented on a vulgar tweet by a rapper?
The removal of an online tool for importing tax data into a financial aid form has highlighted the enormous need for reforming the way we pay for college.
It’s not just how big the house, or how good the schools. Those looking to leave the city must also consider intangibles like the vibe of their new hometown.
Kim knew she was dying, but she believed that cryonic preservation had a “1 or 2 percent chance” of offering her another shot at life. And for that, it was worth trying.
Advocates of Chinese tai chi have been lobbying for a decade to get the martial art onto Unesco’s intangible cultural heritage list. Time may be running out.
As a kid growing up in the Bible belt, I thought my mom’s yoga practice was mortifying. She was such a weirdo. Now I am a weirdo, too.
Friday: The story of our city’s Irish immigrants, weekend events, and the Little Ireland that was.
Economists traditionally dominate policy making in Washington, but they don’t have all the answers. Sociologists have a lot to teach us.
The secretary of state, visiting South Korea, said for the first time that the Trump administration might act pre-emptively if the threat hit an unacceptable level.
How to resist a president who believes the National Endowment for the Arts is worthless.
British officials were livid after the White House aired an unverified claim that Britain’s spy agency had monitored Mr. Trump during last year’s campaign at the behest of President Barack Obama.
I’m an Indian in America. I could be anything: a terrorist, an engineer, an ally.
Experts often recommend fresh fruit, low-fat cottage cheese, plain yogurt or oatmeal as healthful late-night choices.
This rich ice cream, rippled with chocolate fudge, captures the essence of the classic soda fountain drink.
Many are angry that the Quebec government passed them over and chose the French chef Joël Robuchon to run a flagship restaurant.
The irreverent magazine, which linked food and journalism in a fresh way, foundered in part on differences among its partners.
For couples or roommates with different tastes, finding a happy compromise can be challenging. But it’s not impossible.
Robert Cuccioli and Danielle Leneé star in Bruce Graham’s play that provides an unflinching look at the black-white dynamic.
In his one-man show at the BAM Harvey Theater, Mr. Lepage reconstructs his childhood in 1960s Quebec City.
Many peer-reviewed studies point to improved nutrition, but also benefits beyond food.
Purists eat them plain, with salt and a spoonful of olive oil, but they are especially satisfying in an it’s-almost-spring stew.
As fans try to guess what the Knicks are doing, the Nets have set out to rebuild the team from the ground up.
As Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson heads to Beijing, his interactions with his hosts, and whether he takes a hard line with China over its support for North Korea, will be closely watched.
Steve Penny had an accomplished career before resigning from U.S.A. Gymnastics, but protecting gymnasts was not a highlight.
Let’s blame British spies, Fox News and — oh, did you know he used to have a TV show?
These are the questions the House Intelligence Committee must press.
Roland Huget leaves no letter behind.
President Trump has managed to anger British officials with his claims about spying.
Stop obsessively checking the latest news on Twitter, CNN and Facebook and you’ll be happier.
Almost from the beginning of the war, writers recognized the need for art to reflect America’s great misadventure.
The president’s once-wayward eldest son embraces his new role in business and politics on his terms.
What can we do to keep the people next door from pruning our trees?
Because of the difference in temperature under the ice, our lenses fogged and then froze.
Aviles, 36, is looking for a job and trying to prove he can still play, but he is reveling in the World Baseball Classic.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon’s acrostic quote laughs at death.
Rival centers serving drivers underscore a fierce competition as ride-hailing apps have expanded in New York.
The Times will begin an ambitious new effort to customize online news delivery to readers, but should keep privacy in mind.
A botched search in Georgia in 2014 that injured a child inspired Kevin Sack’s extensive study of forcible-entry raids, in which over 90 people have died.
Famine looms for 20 million people, yet the president would rather use money for a big wall and a military buildup.
President Trump, not growing into the job. (Thank you, Steve Bannon.)
The best Obamacare alternative might be found in Southeast Asia, not the House.
Mr. Trump needs guidance on his muddled approach to job creation. American manufacturers should stop indulging his vanity, and help him forge a plan.
If applying gets easier, legal education as an uninspired default could become even more common.
An ingenious movie takes bloody issue with the idea of a postracial America.
Life on the defensive can curdle into reactionary politics.
After the billionaire Larry Ellison purchased the tournament in 2009, a move toward the finer things in life began, from food and drink to amenities.
Grant Thackray makes his debut as “that guy.”
Mr. Berry was rock’s master theorist and conceptual genius, a songwriter who understood what the kids wanted before they knew themselves.
Undoing and replacing the Affordable Care Act means bridging a vast gulf between the expectations of many working-class Trump voters and party orthodoxy.
Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson and Andrea Carla Michaels help continue our celebration of the 75th anniversary of The New York Times Crossword.
Tallying up dates spent at modern-day speakeasies.
A rhetorical version of dodge ball is a favored tactic for nominees regardless of their position on the political spectrum.
The columnist Jimmy Breslin’s death pushes a worrisome trend into view: As news organizations chase broader readership, they risk losing a local focus.
The change reverses what aides say was the Obama administration’s tendency to micromanage, but it could raise questions of whether the president is exercising enough oversight.
Tonight, someone actually said, “Get a load of this!” With lines like that, I sometimes felt like I was stuck in a new Steven Seagal film.
A monster devours your sense of security in this scream-filled Julia Jarcho evisceration of classic horror movies at Abrons Arts Center.
Titled “The Other Side,” Sunday’s episode returned to the Hilltop and found characters negotiating boundaries between opposing states.
This week’s episode put motherhood front and center — which, per their daughters, both Davis and Crawford were famously bad at doing.
Meet a neighborhood leader who became a hero and the family of an imprisoned journalist in the second part of our series about besieged Turkey. 
Federer breezed to victory over his Swiss compatriot Stan Wawrinka in Sunday’s final of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, Calif.
Do entrance exams and other prerequisites help people determine if a certain career path is right for them?
For-profit schools prey on students with high aspirations but little knowledge about how the system really works.
No apologies, no regrets, no learning from experience.
Spending billions on border enforcement is futile if there are few consequences for those who hire undocumented workers.
Its batch of a lethal injection drug will soon expire, so the state is rushing to execute eight men.
What we’re all experiencing now is somewhat like the confusion an analyst encounters with a psychotic patient.
How does President Trump’s first proposed federal budget reflect promises he made while campaigning for the presidency?
The Nazis pressed Henryk Ross into service as the official photographer in the Lodz ghetto in Poland, where he also surreptitiously recorded the devastating realities of daily life.
An existential threat to a way of life that has sustained cattle-raising families since homesteading days.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
The most significant correlation seems to be insurance: Everyone in Canada has it.
Taking care of small children can get tedious. I wouldn’t have made it through without a certain amount of distraction.
Proton pump inhibitors are linked to problems like nutrient deficiencies, joint pain, bone fractures, heart attacks and dementia.
Monday: A rise in fares, the first day of spring, and steps to protect yourself online.
The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence convenes a hearing on Moscow’s meddling in the election — and on whether the Obama administration tapped Trump Tower.
To stop thieves, Beijing authorities have installed dispensers equipped with facial recognition software in public restrooms at a busy tourist site, Temple of Heaven Park.
A study of nearly 2,000 hospitals found that inspections led to lower death rates.
Give that old-time trade theory.
A three-month investigation suggests the injustice surrounding Serkan Golge&#8217;s case.
Jake Silverstein and Emily Bazelon of the Times Magazine join Adam Liptak, The Times’s Supreme Court correspondent, to discuss the court’s future.
Once a breakfast staple, this white, seed-packed variety of the fruit has all but disappeared. Yet there are hints of a small-scale revival.
The F.B.I. chief’s remarks created a treacherous political moment for the president and placed a criminal investigation at the doorstep of the White House.
The savory crepe with an omelet underbelly and a heart of fried dough was once elusive, but some chefs are trying to make it as essential as tacos and falafel.
The untruths about Russia are escalating.
“The Good Fight” is at its most political and confounding this week.
An unexpected reason to stick around for the summer.
In an era when the military is all-volunteer, building communities helps warriors and their families bear all of the domestic hardships.
The F.B.I. chief’s disclosure of an inquiry into possible election collusion makes a special prosecutor and a select congressional committee crucial.
George Barany and John D. Child offer a tasty Tuesday puzzle.
Two long-married couples take a walk on the wild side in Sarah Ruhl’s comedy of lust, friendship and animal sacrifice.
A family heads to the fjords of Norway and sees their sons’ transformation “into a special breed of excitable baby werewolf.”
Yearning for a break from a New York winter, a family revels in the sun, sea and sand of Puerto Rico, and is reminded of its casual charms.
A mother recalls a favorite ritual with her young daughter, visiting some of Amsterdam’s many neighborhood children’s farms or petting zoos.
A family ski trip in France brings more than the creamy, forgiving snow and cheese fondue.
Do you consider yourself a good conversationalist? What do you do to get another person talking?
The Exodus tale as a national creed.
As a young woman, Nguyen Thi Do saw the horrors of war up close.
Painting gave George Bush a deeper view of things. And me of him.
Why does the use, or misuse, of the comma generate such strong feelings?
Will the March for Science help or hurt scientists and scientific evidence?
In 23 words, the writer infuses grammar with purpose.
With enough success, these businesses go from enabling transactions to controlling entire economies. But these raised stakes also create tensions that are becoming harder to ignore.
When Americans start accusing one another of violating the nation’s spirit, it’s a good sign we can’t agree on what that spirit even is.
After a decade of visiting the city on tour, I finally got to experience it as a tourist.
With 30 minutes of questioning allotted to each senator, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch ventured into unscripted territory on Tuesday.
A first trip to the island, in a desperate bid to escape the news.
Iowa is one of 31 states where legislators have proposed creating or expanding school choice programs this year, but the push is meeting resistance.
Tuesday: Tips for working with a rental broker, news literacy in schools, and Jimmy Breslin and the sandhogs.
Movement stimulates the brain and may help students become better learners.
The United States and Britain have restricted electronic devices larger than a cellphone being carried on some flights from majority-Muslim countries.
A conference room on the third floor of The New York Times building has been repurposed as a small museum.
From coverage of state-sanctioned killings of drug users in the Philippines to in-depth reports on Venezuela&#8217;s economic and social collapse, The New York Times swept the Overseas Press Club&#8217;s photography awards.
A long-term trial found no evidence that vitamin E or selenium supplements helped to ward off dementia.
Come to the Woodstock of crossword puzzle tournaments.
The president threatened wavering lawmakers with political payback as Republican officials conceded that they still lacked the votes to pass their bill.
The Republicans’ repeal plan of Obamacare would actually result in one million more people being uninsured, according to the C.B.O.
The New York branch of a Los Angeles chain has plenty of efficiency and customers, but the fish options can be limited.
President Trump has empowered repressive governments around the world.
The pioneering cookbook author, who has Alzheimer’s disease, no longer cooks much. But a special diet and persistence keep her as kinetic as ever.
“Where does the sun go? Can girls be robots? Why don’t worms have faces?” A little girl wants to know.
In “946: The Amazing Story of Adolphus Tips,” Emma Rice directs a fanciful adaptation of another novel by Michael Morpurgo, the author of “War Horse.”
Progress on women’s rights was stalling, and then Donald Trump came along.
Plus: the night the porn star yawned.
The bulky copiers could soon become an office relic. Tell us your stories of documents that made you laugh, blush or learn something new.
Turkey’s attacks on Syrian Kurds, America’s strongest regional ally, threaten the successes against the extremists.
The proposal received a cool reception from Democrats, who disagree with the president over how to finance the nation’s ailing roads, bridges and other infrastructure.
Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel, has pressed witnesses about a statement hastily written last summer aboard Air Force One and wants to know more from President Trump.
If the president believed his State of the Union address would bring the bipartisan agreement he says he seeks any closer, he received little encouragement on Wednesday.
Damon Gulczynski begins at the beginning.
At its core, this week’s episode poses a question about love: Can two people find sustenance in a marriage built on lies?
For a generation, Britain has eagerly enlisted private contractors to provide social services. But the model may be cracking under the pressure of austerity.
We can stick it out together and keep each other accountable.
What is this image saying?
A reporter’s visit to the front line in Manbij, Syria, found that Kurdish rebels’ fears of a Turkish advance have been dispelled by American military assurances of support.
Or should they focus only on academics?
Ms. Williams and Ms. Robinson, who are bringing their “2 Dope Queens” podcast to HBO, talk about hair budgets, meeting Bono and #MeToo.
Across the world, autocratic leaders are engaging in increasingly brazen behavior as they dispense with even a fig leaf of democratic practice.
The Mexican salamander has largest genome ever sequenced, which may account for its unique regenerative abilities.
By studying the natural effects of a large volcanic eruption, scientists could learn about how we might deliberately cool the planet in the future.
Normally a workhorse, he began feeling strangely exhausted. Then he ended up in the intensive-care unit.
The bill contains measures sought by religious schools and free-speech advocates, worrying some college administrators and gay-rights groups.
There is an unusual club of receivers, including Larry Fitzgerald and Randy Moss, who made a stunning catch that briefly appeared to secure a championship. Here are memories of what almost was.
Bee interviewed the former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson about so-called forced arbitration clauses, which can silence victims of sexual misconduct.
Genuine atrocities have turned them into refugees. But the blurring of fact and fiction in the camps risks undercutting their case against Myanmar.
Why a big influx of Puerto Ricans and the potential return of voting rights for felons aren’t as meaningful as some might assume for 2020. 
Conservatives would be howling for impeachment if a Democratic president had behaved like Trump.
The communist assault, 50 years ago this week, marked the start of the bloodiest year of the Vietnam War.
As far as the president’s immigration plan goes, they are damned if they do and damned if they don’t.
Researchers calculate that the risk of a heart attack in the week after getting the flu was more than six times as high as the risk in any other week.
Thursday: Testing your New York knowledge, an emotional support peacock and the Empire State Winter Games.
Republicans say they only want to make public their doubts about the F.B.I. and Justice Department. But the possible fallout has everything to do with the special counsel.
Everyone likes to complain about our company-based system, but there have been real examples of innovation.
As his world became smaller with depression, so did mine.
In a speech and an early-morning Twitter post, Mr. Trump faulted the opposition for not compromising to protect younger undocumented immigrants.
With monthly employment data, the reporter’s mission is to find the larger story in numbers that can lend themselves to diverging interpretations.
Thursday: Readers respond to our Los Angeles piece, marijuana convictions are cleared, and what the president missed on MS-13.
This week’s listings are in Sutton Place, Carnegie Hill and Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.
This week’s properties include a two-bedroom loft in Union City, N.J., and a four-bedroom house in Garden City, N.Y.
The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts will keep its Chuck Close exhibition, but will add a concurrent gallery examining gender power dynamics.
The president’s decision not to object to the disclosure of the document pits him against some of his top law enforcement officials, who warned that releasing it put national security at risk.
Worries have subsided since a détente between the two Koreas, but the North remains an unpredictable factor in security arrangements for the Games.
Sometimes a blend makes a more complete wine than a single variety can. But it may run counter to consumer expectations.
Despite its pricey image, Bordeaux is fertile ground for good values. These bottles often come from small producers in underappreciated areas.
This week we visited condos in the Entertainment District and in the Queen’s Quay area.
I don’t wake up with a pit in my stomach every day, dreading what horrors accrued in my phone overnight.
Nostalgia runs strong for Liberia and the chef Doughba Caranda-Martin III’s memories of life on his grandmother’s farm at this pan-African restaurant.
The e-commerce giant has won two patents for a tracking technology that can nudge a human hand in the right direction — toward a warehouse bin, say.
A year of protests, backlash and presidential interference has exposed fault lines between the league’s players and its management — and even between the team owners themselves.
The restaurant predates Outback Steakhouse and provides a retro taste of Australia’s dining history.
Deutsche Bank, HSBC and UBS were punished for market manipulation this week — and tucked into the punishment was a single sentence that could pay big dividends for the banking industry.
About 9,000 unauthorized immigrants protected under DACA work in the nation’s schools. But as the program’s fate has become uncertain, so has theirs.
The Nazca Lines, scratched into a plain south of Lima, are the world’s best-known example of geoglyphs. The damage was significant, but it can be repaired.
In “The Deepest Well,” Dr. Nadine Burke Harris explores how adverse childhood events can have repercussions years or decades later.
The Cleveland Indians are retiring “Chief Wahoo,” but the debate is far from over if other institutions, like the University of Illinois, are a guide.
More-expensive cities might be driving young Democrats to affordable right-leaning states.
For decades, the Hempstead schools have been marked by corruption, political infighting and low performance. Now leaders face a deadline for change.
A new study that tracked polar bears on sea ice off Alaska found that they’re fat-burning machines. That means when food is hard to find, they lose weight fast.
In the absence of government policy on paid leave, more private companies are choosing to offer it.
We’d like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop responses to sexual harassment since #MeToo began.
Anthony Barboza’s 1970s portraits of writers, musicians and dancers pay tribute to the figures who influenced him.
Coming to New York City for 32 consecutive years.
Lactalis, a giant dairy products company, has had to recall more than 7,000 tons of products contaminated with salmonella. It did not alert regulators to past problems.
The astonishing incompetence of Trump appointees.
The Democratic Party is suffering unnecessarily.
He may not believe in the rule of law, but tens of thousands of men and women at the Department of Justice do.
Mr. Trump and the G.O.P. lawmakers behind the soon-to-be released Nunes memo are harming the nation in ways that could be difficult to reverse.
The tech giants singled out booming results from their devices in their quarterly financial results.
See the videos, essays and important ideas we took away from 358 submissions.
As House Intelligence Committee chairman, Representative Devin Nunes has won praise from party members he once called “lemmings in suicide vests.”
The Pentagon worries that the White House is moving too hastily and that giving the president too many options could increase the odds that he will act, some officials say.
Republicans take on law enforcement.
In Terrence McNally’s new play, Diaghilev invents Nijinsky, modern ballet and the 20th century. And that’s just in the first act.
Randolph Ross begins our solving weekend.
Wayne Pacelle, the longtime leader of one of the nation’s most prominent animal welfare groups, was facing an uprising from staff, donors after an investigation.
A new generation is challenging Angela Merkel and her process-oriented leadership.
What are you most looking forward to — the game, the commercials, the parties or the halftime show?
How did Nathan Ruser, 20, discover that the Strava app’s global heat map revealed sensitive information?
Representative Devin Nunes is the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Kimmel sees him as “not a Trump lap dog. He’s more of a retriever.”
Which other sports would you add to the Winter Games?
For some New Yorkers, dating someone in the neighborhood is a recipe for relationship disaster. So much for marrying the boy or girl next door.
Payrolls grew by 200,000 last month and hourly earnings were up 2.9 percent in a sign that American workers were benefiting from a tight labor market.
Dozens of entrepreneurs, made newly wealthy by virtual currencies, have moved to the island to avoid taxes on their fortunes — and to build a society that runs on blockchain.
Mr. Baldwin’s recent attack on Dylan Farrow, who has accused Woody Allen of abuse, has drawn sharp criticism. Some viewers say his words undercut his Trump satire.
One side is outraged over the abundance of sexual crimes against women; the other is worried about judicial independence and mass incarceration.
Barbetta, with its jewelry-box décor and European roots, has been a theater district institution for more than a century. But is there a future for old-fashioned fine dining?
The Mexican state on the Yucatán Peninsula is rich in Maya sites, including Calakmul and Xcalumkín. You will hear the howler monkeys, but you won’t see many tourists.
In what ways is Kiribati a case study for those interested in taking stock of climate change woes?
The Democrats’ impressive lead in the generic congressional ballot has slipped. 
The danger of lowered expectations and the ever more frequent shrug.
He chose the sport, but he did not choose brain damage.
“Are you better off than you were before?” is a reasonable standard. But it has never been the leverage for allowing a democracy to collapse.
The head of the E.P.A. has been cast by environmentalists as an ideologue on a mission to destroy the very agency he runs. But he sees it differently.
I am a balding woman. Is my missing hair a connection with my missing mom?
With a growing body of research suggesting that youth tackle football is harmful to children’s brains, not everyone is cheering.
It’s still unclear what causes hangovers. But they are a sign that you are drinking too much, at any age.
Friday: Local connections to a national game, your weekend lineup, and the groundhog’s verdict.
Najah al-Bukai, an artist who survived the Assad government’s notorious detention centers, copes with the trauma by drawing what he and others went through.
Even as the number of prisoners falls, parole violators are an increasing percentage of the imprisoned, often jailed for as little as missing a curfew.
The memo accused senior officials at the F.B.I. and Justice Department of bias in the early stages of the Russia investigation.
The new year began about the same way as 2017 ended: with outsize closings of combo-ready penthouses at 432 Park Avenue.
Friday: Low snowpack, a school shooting, and advice from a survivor of a classmate’s deadly violence.
Alan Ball, the creative force behind “True Blood” and “Six Feet Under,” returns to HBO with a mysterious drama about a family with three adopted children.
Randall Margraves had been standing next to his daughters in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., as they gave statements about Dr. Nassar’s sexual abuse.
Watch a Facebook Live conversation with Lindsey Underwood, the editor of The Edit, a newsletter written for college students and recent grads.
Nearly one million immigrants are taking care of elderly patients. Many caregivers may lose their protected status; others may choose to leave an increasingly restrictive country.
Quatro squeezes large flows of time into one slender book — and into one unusual sentence.
Chicago Style, founded by three women, will bring bar professionals together in May to party — and talk about issues of gender and race.
Mr. d’Amboise tells a good story. Here he talks about work, life and his fellow Balanchine guys Edward Villella and Arthur Mitchell.
Try braising squid instead of frying it, for a savory and satisfying stew with accents of carrots, turnips and garlic.
The economic data actually point to a low-growth future.
This colorful dish pairs roasted chicken thighs with sweet potatoes, peppers and quickly pickled red onions.
Rude Mechs boil down the 800 pages of “The Brothers Karamazov” to a searching but silly 80-minute show. Hot tub included.
The worst flu season in nearly a decade has filled emergency rooms and strained resources at medical centers. Hospitalization and infection rates are among the highest in two decades.
U.S. stocks have ended their worst week since February 2016, as investors worried about rising interest rates after a long market boom.
We dissect the public reaction to the “wardrobe malfunction” and offer Jackson the forgiveness she deserves.
Pete Wells submits to the meme, and the copious meat, at a Turkish steakhouse where the chef is world-famous for his salt-flicking technique.
Since Republicans are now on board with greater transparency, surely they’ll be eager to release more information to the public.
The industry has gone from villain to victor, the result of a lobbying campaign that has culminated in a far friendlier approach by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
This smart, troubling piece of documentary theater spends time with men cordoned off from regular society, and those who believe they can be redeemed.
The congressman exposes a conspiracy so small …
It is time to speak out against the unfair partisan attacks against the bureau.
As residents embraced the arrival of a new and hopefully better year, a Communist attack, years in the planning, was about to unfold.
Sam Ezersky and Byron Walden spike our smoothies.
Republicans have dominated state governments for almost a decade, but Democrats are exploiting President Trump’s unpopularity in an effort to make inroads in 2018.
The 400-year history of how we talk about the deserving versus the undeserving poor.
The actress is finally ready to talk about Harvey Weinstein.
A tenant in a co-op wants to see mold reports, but the board will not help.
The agency was seemingly slowed by jurisdictional issues, and athletes went unwarned that a potential child molester was in their midst.
When scientists recently discovered a protein that may help with the detection of sour tastes, they realized it had previously been identified in the inner ear.
Heads or tails, Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon?
What might be the lasting legacy of the Nunes memo is what it says about the president’s corrupt intent.
For much of the 19th century, when medical schools needed specimens, they relied on the dead bodies of enslaved people.
Perhaps he will finally take them seriously to impress midterm voters. If so, there are many good ideas to consider.
Why the case for limits is worth hearing.
More people seem to believe Dylan Farrow’s charge that her adoptive father sexually assaulted her when she was 7.
Watch out! This compassionate priest could be coming to a parish near you.
David Levinson Wilk vies for our approval.
A passenger train crashed into a freight train on Sunday, killing two people and injuring more than 100 in the third high-profile crash involving the rail company since mid-December.
As some militants go into hiding and others slip into Turkey, the flow risks tarnishing American declarations that the Islamic State has been largely defeated.
After declaring Catalonia independent from Spain last October, the region’s former president escaped to Belgium. Now he finds himself caught in a strange existence.
The long arc of the corruption investigation into Senator Robert Menendez, which began more than five years ago with salacious rumors, collapsed over two weeks in January.
Paul Ryan isn’t just out of touch, he’s scamming the public.
The retailer’s stock is soaring, but it wasn’t always that way. The company had lean years in which it told investors to have faith in its long-term strategy.
Perfectly positioned for a quick bit of affection.
Alan Arbesfeld passes time by looking up.
The landmark settlement between Wells Fargo and the Fed shows regulators’ new emphasis on making board members responsible for their institutions’ conduct.
Sexual harassment laws couldn’t work until society started believing women.
As some Republicans backed away from President Trump’s claim that a new memo vindicates him in the Russia inquiry, Democrats sought the release of their own classified rebuttal.
Just months ago, Kenya was praised for its democracy. Now the government is ignoring court orders, jailing opponents and threatening journalists.
Imagine the day when operatives can create fake video of their enemies. That day is here.
A new nuclear policy issued by the Trump administration, which vows to counter a rush by the Russians to modernize their forces, is touching off a new kind of nuclear arms race.
Is it too much to ask New York’s warring mayor and governor to work together in the face of a near-existential crisis?
Those who stretch the meaning of “service animals” do a disservice to fellow air travelers.
Trump will never put the country above himself.
This week’s “Star Trek: Discovery” brought us back to the Prime Universe, where everyone is suspiciously acting like we are in the Mirror Universe.
The British firm Bell Pottinger, hired by three brothers now caught up in a nationwide corruption scandal, helped drive racial tensions to levels not felt since apartheid.
In a battle of offenses, Zach Ertz scored the winning touchdown with 2:21 left as Philadelphia kept Tom Brady and the New England Patriots from their sixth title.
A city that for so long has endured cruel blow after cruel blow in major sporting events will wake up Monday with a fair amount of disorientation.
Plus, tips for keeping your New Year’s resolutions.
After months of investigating, video producer Emma Cott confronted Elliott Kline, a.k.a. Eli Mosley, with her findings.
The country’s crime classification system is antiquated. Police commanders struggle with no data on an array of technology-based crimes.
Nogales, Ariz., and Nogales, Mexico, are sister cities with shared history. The effect of the wall between them has been profound, but connections endure.
In exchange for being the resident caretaker of the Conference House, a history buff gets to live there rent free.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Motherhood is the biggest cause of the gender pay gap. It might take fathers to change that.
Revolutionary thinkers who insisted on our status as humans gave the movement a meaning that transcends the demand to stop police brutality.
Transgender people face a double bind: Find jobs amid rampant prejudice or lose critical medical coverage.
I worked on Colin Powell’s speech supporting the invasion of Iraq 15 years ago. The Trump administration is doing the same thing today with Iran.
President Trump has claimed credit for a booming U.S. economy. But is it actually booming, and to what extent is he responsible?
What toys children play with can influence the skills they learn and the possibilities they see for themselves.
Fewer scheduled cesarean deliveries and more breast-feeding could give babies more protective bacteria.
Monday: The city’s up-and-down relationship with weed, a once-banned film, and readers debate legalization.
Why is the tech industry populated with so many aggressive dudes and so few women? Emily Chang examined the issue in her book, “Brotopia,” and shared her findings with us.
How do you think your life could be different if you did not engage with social media?
How did the Philadelphia Eagles make history on Sunday night?
Monday: Affordable housing in Beverly Hills, a dearth of female candidates, power lines blamed for fires, Natalie Wood, and finally, Yosemite traffic jams.
Nick Foles was named M.V.P. of the Super Bowl, but Brady was exceptional in defeat.
The House Intelligence Committee voted to release a Democratic rebuttal to a Republican memo on surveillance abuse, putting its fate in President Trump’s hands.
Sharp moves in the stock market come as investors digest the growth prospects for the world and look for signs of inflation.
Long theorized to be found in the mantles of Uranus and Neptune, the confirmation of the existence of superionic ice could lead to the development of new materials.
Numerosity is deeply embedded in species that need to track quantity, such as hungry spiders and schooling fish. But the ability seems to have faded in humans.
Aboriginal Australians have long believed that some predatory birds deliberately spread wildfires. A few ornithologists have set out to find proof.
American cooks are making it from all kinds of things, from mushrooms to flowers, and using it to fine-tune their dishes from start to finish.
Eric Asimov knows wine, but his experiment at fermenting it further ran into some serious complications.
The Supreme Court, which has been busy with federal cases claiming that voting districts were warped by politics, let stand one from a state court.
Liz Smith was one of the most famous gossip columnists of the last 50 years. Friends said kindness, not schadenfreude, was her stock in trade.
He had a dream of justice, not of getting a new truck. Be a drum major for righteousness, he said, not greed.
Larry Nassar’s most famous victims were world-class gymnasts. But his many victims also include Michigan State athletes who feel the university failed them.
All I want is a man who hasn’t committed a crime.
When Monica Drake started here in 1998, she was told, “We don’t hire interns.” Not only was she hired, she made history.
Hackers draining online exchanges. Ponzi schemes. Regulators unable to keep up with heightened interest in virtual currencies. A young industry’s problems have become clearer in recent weeks.
The award-winning indie label Krammer & Stoudt reaches beyond gender to cast its models.
It can be easy to be misled by big point swings after a long period of quiet in global markets.
Riyadh plans to build a $300 million solar farm that would generate enough electricity to power around 40,000 homes, an example Saudi leaders hope will have positive consequences.
The market isn’t the economy; still, it looks as if reality is breaking in.
The Regional Plan Association called for a new approach to big projects like East Side Access, emphasizing efficiency and ending rules that require superfluous workers.
Lt. Alaric Piette knows he is unfit to be Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri’s only lawyer. But leaving his client with no one, he says, would be worse.
Every marbled crayfish is a female clone. The population is exploding in Europe, but the species seems to have originated in the American Southeast.
Britain’s revival between 1820 and 1848 has some humbling lessons for us today.
The lawyers believe the special counsel lacks standing in some matters, but a refusal would run counter to the president’s statements and raise the specter of a court battle.
It doesn’t take bravery to join the backlash.
This London import shows the director and writer of “Three Billboards” still utterly at home in the (dark) shadows of the stage.
This episode added some much-needed levity to a show otherwise loaded with horror and squalor. Not that it lacked for those things.
Bruce Haight pulls one over on us.
“If you get off the phone,” I said, “I’ll sing you an old Creole song.”
With funding set to expire Thursday, House Republicans were moving ahead with a temporary spending measure, but it did not appear to have the support to pass the Senate.
Alternative for Germany, the first nationalist party to enter Parliament since World War II, is targeting working-class voters and labor unions that have supported the left for decades.
A day after markets fell more than 4 percent, Wall Street enjoyed a positive Tuesday as gains in consumer stocks helped stop a global sell-off.
What story could this image tell?
How might the findings be applied to human research and medical science?
Laboratory tests of a 70-year-old hypothesis illuminate the details of a subtle form of snake locomotion.
“Prison Nation,” the latest issue of Aperture magazine, features work from more than a dozen photographers and writers.
What can films teach us about life, ourselves, others’ experiences, history and more?
Verses that will forge bonds between you and your little ones through the power of language.
Former residents of Chicago’s Cabrini-Green were thrown into a system that increasingly leaves the poor to fend for themselves.
Nothing reveals the curious disposability of consumer technology more than this feeble, aging device.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on what to do when your friends at school cheat on a test and more.
Even in its new incarnation as a boast, it can’t shed its dehumanizing past.
Elon Musk disrupted the business of sending rockets into space and has now achieved a milestone in spaceflight by launching the most powerful rocket currently operating in the world.
To create a room that will evolve over time, start with neutral colors and flexible furniture — then add color and whimsy.
In Ciudad Juárez and El Paso, military history — Mexican and American — is a presence. There’s fun to be had in the Franklin Mountains, and music is everywhere.
Tijuana, steps away from San Diego, is full of flavor: birria tacos, Caesar’s famous salads and creative Baja cuisine.
The rioting after the Eagles’ Super Bowl win produced a wealth of entertaining footage. Late-night hosts offered samples.
As General Westmoreland’s special assistant, I had a close-up view on the Vietcong’s assault on Saigon.
Politics makes for strange bedfellows. But this is getting weirder and weirder.
All I had to do was move to a country where my husband speaks the language better than I do.
Tuesday: The language of corruption, National Frozen Yogurt Day, and a search for lovers of opposing political views.
In contrast to veterinary practice, the medical profession has long forbidden the notion of speeding death.
The Republican push to release a classified memo has brought new attention to the effort to balance national security concerns and civil liberties.
Tuesday: Car ownership jumps, President Trump lashes out at Rep. Adam Schiff and how climate change is affecting family planning.
A livery driver facing financial ruin killed himself in front of City Hall to protest the financial devastation wrought by ride hailing services like Uber.
The M.T.A. shortened the time MetroCard machines will be offline for an upgrade, after a tsunami of fury.
FEMA terminated a big contract with a tiny vendor hired to produce meals for Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria. Now, Congress is asking questions.
A far-reaching corruption scandal is the last thing Baltimore’s troubled police department needs. But day after day, the revelations keep coming.
Economic data and the bond market are painting a more optimistic picture than the Dow Jones average.
An acclaimed innovator does better by the food than the drinks as he replicates his Chicago cocktail lounges the Aviary and the Office in New York.
As congressional leaders worked toward a deal that could help ensure the government stays open, President Trump called for a shutdown if lawmakers do not crack down on illegal immigration.
A federal judge imposed the rare secrecy restrictions because of Joaquín Guzmán Loera’s “history of violence” against witnesses and rivals.
As a stock market plunge that began in the United States spread globally, the wild swings underscored how the American economy retains defining influence across the globe.
Electrodes threaded into the brains of epilepsy patients enhanced their recall on word tests by about 15 percent.
Yannick Nézet-Séguin, the company’s music director designate, brought his own strong take to Wagner’s profound, challenging and very long score.
Tempted to sell? Answer these six questions first, including ones about your timing, your goals, your predictive skills and your overall anxiety level.
By Donald Trump’s loose and ludicrous definition, a robust lot of us are un-American.
British women cited persistent problems with harassment and discrimination.
We could be on the verge of another global financial crisis. How did we get here?
Up for an Oscar for playing J. Paul Getty, a part that initially went to Mr. Spacey, Mr. Plummer recalls thinking: “To hell with it, I’m doing it.”
Failure to test engineers for the sleep disorder was the root cause of train crashes in Hoboken, N.J., and Brooklyn, a federal safety board found.
Five hundred years ago, Martin Luther shook the church — and the world.
The president signed a law making it a crime to blame “the Polish nation” for the crimes of Nazi Germany. Scholars say it could whitewash history.
A prelude to a night at the opera.
Thanks to the congressional Republicans’ memo, the former Trump campaign adviser suddenly finds himself with a lot more friends on the right.
Mayor Megan Barry is facing questions after acknowledging an extramarital affair with the head of her security detail.
When toads swallow bombardier beetles, the beetles produce a poison that prompts some of the toads to vomit them up still alive, researchers found.
What the president has in common with Looney Tunes’ “scent-imental” skunk.
In a dramatic City Council hearing, officials said that 323,000 public housing residents lost heat at least once since October.
Banks have created a variety of risky funds that allow investors to wager against sharp swings in the value of stocks. Those investors are starting to feel some pain.
Talk about volatility.
A group backed by former President Barack Obama plans to compete in a dozen states in an effort to block Republicans from unilaterally drawing congressional maps.
There’s a recurring theme in Israel, Washington and many other hot spots.
The president has said so many outrageous things that his latest outbursts no longer shock, but seem more of the same.
In a new one-woman show, the author of “The Vagina Monologues” connects global violence and her own life-threatening illness.
Stu Ockman gets himself in a knot.
Mr. Wynn, a billionaire casino mogul, stepped down on Tuesday as chief executive and chairman of the board of Wynn Resorts. He is accused of decades of sexual misconduct.
What could such a thing possibly be?
“It appears that acne is a lot more than just skin deep,” said one researcher. “It can have a substantial impact on overall mental health.”
The Winter Games are heading to Pyeongchang at a time of reckoning about South Korea’s family-run business empires, some of which are Olympic sponsors.
Would you tell if you caught your classmates cheating?
In the absence of a coherent American policy for Libya, Russia is gaining influence in one of the most dangerous parts of the world.
Nandita Raman spent three years photographing the decline of India’s single-screen movie houses for her series “Cinema Play House.”
Do you think people are too often gaming the system? Or do you think, for the most part, that those who have these animals need them?
For decades, fashion has avoided the question of work/life balance. Now designers, including Narciso Rodriguez, are embracing the issue.
The bodies of Russia’s young female skaters are breaking down as they push their performance in pursuit of gold medals and more difficult jumps.
The classic reality show returns and goes down to Georgia, to give America’s polarization a makeover.
American adolescents watch much more pornography than their parents know — and it’s shaping their ideas about pleasure, power and intimacy. Can they be taught to see it more critically?
China’s economic success lays bare an uncomfortable historical truth: No one who preaches ‘free trade’ really practices it.
Not so many years ago, it was easy to go to Matamoros. But violence there means that visitors now stay in Brownsville, home to the Charro Days festival and restaurants with roots in Mexico.
In Big Bend National Park in Texas: towering canyons and a 105-degree pool. In Boquillas, Mexico: cheese enchiladas and old-world charm. A boat takes you to both.
Mr. Johns, who is now 87 and widely regarded as America’s foremost living artist, has a new retrospective at the Broad called “Something Resembling Truth.”
A neighborhood filled with wildlife and cultural attractions, Lighthouse Hill is a tiny place with outsized character.
Kim Yo-jong will be the first immediate family member of North Korea’s ruling dynasty to set foot in South Korea.
The agreement, subject to the approval of members of the Social Democratic Party, came at a steep price for the Christian Democrats: giving up the powerful Finance Ministry.
Why Trump-fearing conservatives aren’t obliged to vote like Democrats.
As the Israeli government prepares to deport African refugees, we prepare to open our homes to them.
Wednesday: Why subway platforms get strangely slick, Brooklyn’s chocolate trail map, and lawmakers address the Tide pod challenge.
Eating more protein can significantly augment the effects of lifting weights, a review of research found.
When Republicans cut corporate taxes, most economists rejected claims that working Americans would benefit. So why are so many companies handing out bonuses?
We’ve gathered insights from the country’s state news media, analysts, defectors and athletes who have competed alongside North Koreans.
How teachers of subjects from English language arts to science and social studies can turn these Olympics into opportunities for learning.
A shingled house and guest cottage in Sacramento, a contemporary home outside Charlottesville and a brick townhouse in Indianapolis.
Monday: How Wall Street’s plunge affects California, a billionaire doctor plans to buy The Los Angeles Times and video of Peggy Fleming’s ice skating gold.
The agreement would raise caps on military and domestic spending, clearing the way for lawmakers to pass a spending bill for the rest of the fiscal year.
Real estate prices continue to rise in Hong Kong, fueled by domestic demand.
The deal calls attention to the technology sector’s rapid expansion in the city, both in the numbers employed and the square footage occupied.
You could lose over five pounds in a year by choosing to stand rather than sit — if you didn’t find other ways to make up for the calorie deficit.
Signs to watch for are persistent high fevers and fevers that flare up again after the child seems to be over the worst of the illness.
Is the economy at risk of overheating? The answer will depend on what really drives price increases, and what the Fed does.
Mr. Porter, the White House staff secretary, said he would leave his job a day after a news account that quoted his two ex-wives accusing him of physical abuse.
For decades, the feminist artist was pushed to the sidelines. Relevant once again, she can no longer be ignored.
New research adds to a growing body of evidence showing how the British Isles received waves of immigrants over tens of thousands of years.
New regulations, which corporate interests delayed for almost a decade, require explicit labeling and limit the marketing of sugary foods to children.
The artist Mounira Al Solh bears witness to the wounds of war with portraits of refugees that go beyond statistics to capture intimate stories.
The program is a demonstration of American leadership. Why does the president want to cut it?
The New York Times traveled with two U.S. generals to a northern Syria city where armed conflict between the Americans and Turks is now a possibility.
Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, broke records on Wednesday with an extended speech opposing the budget deal because it ignored the “Dreamers.”
Because the International Olympic Committee did not move quickly enough to address Russia’s doping scheme, arbitrators are still considering appeals by barred athletes seeking to compete on their own.
Editor Will Shortz on the entry LENE in the Feb. 7 puzzle.
In the deep seas, starfish make their own light, possibly to signal one another for mating, and they’ve evolved sophisticated eyes to see it.
President Trump wants American military might on full display. But with the Pentagon plagued with readiness and budget woes, a parade won’t come cheap or easily.
On the west side of Central Park near 85th Street, Seneca Village once thrived until it was destroyed in 1857 to make way for the park.
Severe stock swings rattled young investors, many of whom had never experienced such an intense sell-off and were left feeling “a punch to the gut.”
A new policy on fare evasion in Manhattan has made strange political bedfellows, and poses a problem for Mayor Bill de Blasio with police reform and poverty advocates.
New data suggests that at best, the M.T.A. is managing to stabilize a system riddled by delays and plagued by failing infrastructure.
Here are a dozen reasons to question Trump’s protests.
John Kelly is the crisis control guy who keeps creating crises.
The president is targeting sensible immigration policies, while smearing those who come to the U.S. illegally as criminals.
In a city with no shortage of wealth and celebrity, the new billionaire owner of the Los Angeles Times, Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, has kept a mostly low profile. Until now.
As President Trump prepares to speak at the National Prayer Breakfast, conservative religious leaders have hailed the president’s first-year agenda as their own.
“None of us in this world are irreplaceable,’’ the head of a Las Vegas marketing firm said. “But that kind of raw imagination is pretty rare.”
Erik Agard spins us ’round and ’round.
Andrew Cunanan kills his first two victims — both of them other gay men — and then flees. His motives remain elusive.
Despite clashes, North and South Korea have learned to use the Olympics to find something that still eludes them in the real world: a moment of solidarity.
Good archival practices might not be exciting, but they could be the key to keeping your family history intact for future generations.
What statement is this artwork making?
Sofia Jaramillo looks at the lives of Peruvian sheep herders who, isolated from their families, work in Washington State.
The late-night host said: “The world knows America has a military. It’s in their countries right now.”
The author and former Defense and State Department official is surprised there hasn’t been a nuclear apocalypse yet.
What should students be required to know and who should make decisions about what is included in the science curriculum?
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s off-the-court schedule is full, with at least nine public appearances over three weeks.
Bring on James Brown, Justin Bieber, Moby, and maybe some Mozart. New rules allow skaters flexibility to rock the Winter Olympics.
A global network of live-work spaces is springing up to serve this new breed of millennial wanderer.
Recent Games were balmy. But not Pyeongchang, South Korea, where officials are providing hand and seat warmers for the opening ceremony Friday.
Beneath the grit of South Africa’s biggest city, there’s a kinetic urban energy that can be savored in its street art, restaurants, music clubs and markets.
Mr. Buffett, who has a new Broadway show, “Escape to Margaritaville,” built a half-billion-dollar empire on his laid-back beach brand. But he’s all business now.
The “peak oil” scare comes to naught again, like other scares.
Trump’s tactics are basic branding.
No wonder we are losing faith in our democracy.
Thursday: Scavenging fancy fabric in Queens, Zadie Smith talks about her new book, and free tax help.
Knowing my patients’ life goals has prevented me from implementing medical interventions that subvert them.
Who was the person behind North Vietnam’s most successful propagandist?
It would be a race between the leukemia returning and the insurance company approving the procedure that could keep it at bay permanently.
More than four months after Hurricane Maria, much of the island is still in shock. At its only suicide prevention hotline, the phones ring constantly.
This week’s listings are in South Park Slope, Brooklyn, Hell’s Kitchen and Chelsea.
Thursday: A look at the Oscars race, the L.A. Times sale is official, and Elon Musk freaks out Californians once again.
The social network posted its first ever profit as a public company, even as it grapples with criticism over fake accounts and slower-than-expected growth.
These 10 cities saw the biggest percentage increases in rent over the last year.
Drew Findling, a criminal defense lawyer in the hip-hop capital, has become an advocate and father figure for rappers like Offset, of Migos, and Gucci Mane.
The secret to happiness and excellence in Norwich, Vt., can be traced to the way the town collectively raises its children.
A difficult, rainy vintage proved to be a challenge for producers. Some made the best of it with fresh, expressive and delicious wines.
Spurred by an underserved market, entrepreneurs are offering personalized service to women seeking stylish clothing in larger sizes.
One reader said it was humiliating that South Korea was not marching under its own flag. Another said her grandfather might see his North Korean family again.
Government funding expired at midnight after Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky held up the Senate’s vote on a budget deal, but both chambers eventually gave their approval.
China has spent years establishing military outposts on a group of contested islands in the South China Sea. New photos offered a detailed look.
Kudret Yakup opened a Manhattan restaurant in December, as what may be the first U.S. franchise-in-the-making to showcase the Muslim minority’s food.
Pharmaceutical companies have enlisted the support of a prominent anti-addiction advocate as they battle the perception that they created an epidemic.
Ana and Christian tie the knot and settle old scores in this flaccid film.
The conflict has broken into several small wars, and the carnage is reaching a new peak, upending any assumptions it might be nearing an end.
The men were part of a notorious group of Islamic State militants known as the Beatles because of their British accents.
The Encores! series pulls some oddities out of the American musical trunk and comes up with … an oddity.
A fish that scurries along the seafloor uses the same neurons and genes that help land vertebrates walk, suggesting the blueprint for walking originated much earlier than previously thought.
Four Catholic sisters spend their days praying in their secluded convent, but a dispute over affordable housing has put them in an unusual position.
Wall Street, roiled this week by the most turbulence in years, broke from a brief respite on Thursday, entering a market correction.
From New York University to Berkeley, Bitcoin has set off a dash to understand the technology and economic risks of virtual currency.
President Trump forces Americans to choose between patriotism and opposing him — and corrodes the military in the process.
South Korea could be rushing headlong into a premature détente with its dangerous neighbor to the north.
Wall Street’s up and downs have little impact on the income or wealth of most Americans, despite the bromides of politicians on both sides of the aisle.
This week’s listings are in South Riverdale and Niagara.
Republicans haven’t changed their views on deficits — they never cared about them; they just wanted to hurt Obama.
The aid proposed by the Senate is only a fraction of what Puerto Rico says it needs to recover from Hurricane Maria. But it’s a start.
White House officials conceded they “could have done better” in the way they handled accusations against the staff secretary who resigned Wednesday after two ex-wives publicly accused him of abusing them.
Learning not to rush to fill empty spaces, and instead to listen to the silence.
Since taking up its Russia inquiry last year, the committee, once an oasis of country-first cooperation in a divided Congress, has descended into dysfunction.
In this administration, domestic violence charges haven’t kept people from major jobs.
The inventor of the term “social entrepreneur,” Bill Drayton, has a challenge for the world.
Could sexual harassment be linked to work we define as masculine?
The North’s Olympic cheerleaders continue a practice of using pretty young women to represent Pyongyang. Why does South Korea embrace them?
Todd Howe, a government witness in the corruption trial of Joseph Percoco, admitted that even after signing a cooperation deal, he tried to defraud a hotel.
The Times’s newsroom, design and product staffs collaborated to bring Olympic athletes, at scale and midperformance, into your living room.
After finally ousting an aide accused of spousal abuse, the White House said it took violence seriously. Here’s what it can do.
President Trump is calling the chief of staff he pushed out, Reince Priebus, to complain about John Kelly, the chief of staff who took Mr. Priebus’s place.
A couple in Pakistan are always “listening to the sky,” while an American captain becomes too invested in their lives.
Brendan Emmett Quigley returns to offer us a Friday to fight with. And I loved it.
Stocks gyrated through the day, but ended on an upswing, about 1.4 percent higher. In global markets, Chinese stocks were among the biggest casualties.
Would you want to win the lottery? Why or why not?
South Korea put on quite a show, but a shirtless Tongan stole it. At the end, the figure skater Yuna Kim lit the Olympic torch to start the Games.
What graphic novels would you like to see published in the future, and why?
Colbert said the White House seemed unconcerned about domestic abuse, and called accusations against a top aide “horrible” and “sickening.”
Long before a gunman using a Ruger emptied 15 high-capacity magazines in a Texas church, William B. Ruger Sr. said he would sell them only to the police.
The Rogues’ Gallery was a 19th-century innovation that changed police work forever. It’s also a mesmerizing window into our ancestral life of crime.
Sri Lanka has introduced a 25 percent quota for female candidates in local elections, but many have faced abuse, and obstructionism within their own parties.
Friday: A chat with a New York mogul skier, weekend events and a 250-pound bagel.
Block after block, we’re building up the memories we want to have, and guarding against the ones we can’t escape from.
Doctors are often quick to dismiss the concerns of patients who feel feverish but have “normal” temperatures.
The détente between North and South transcended several other compelling story lines, including the participation of Russian athletes despite a doping scandal.
The Puerto Rican government said that the storm had killed just 64 people. The bodies showing up at morgues across the island told a different story.
What are the most popular dog breeds where you live? What do you think those patterns might say about your neighborhood and the people who live there?
Friday: Last year’s string of disasters prompted more people to get insured, the stock market plunges again, and the police find “burritos” filled with meth.
Writing words can give you an almost eerie power over those who read them.
Some developers have designed staircases that are much more than functional and help add drama and grandeur to common areas.
Last week’s episode was a petulant mess but Thursday’s was a delight.
The president’s family business has teamed up with local developers on a Mississippi Delta hotel. The developers want financial relief from the state.
The largest rebel group, the FARC, has suspended campaigning in the coming elections, saying its candidates have been attacked and are unsafe.
Enormous deficits in the ninth year of an economic recovery, with unemployment down to 4.1 percent, make no sense.
Critics weren’t impressed by the Hugh Jackman musical, but fans have turned it into an unexpected hit. Now it’s your turn: why do you like the movie?
Omarosa Manigault Newman struck at Donald Trump using what she learned from him on “The Apprentice.”
It depends on whether you look at the short, medium or long term.
Brownielike and fudgy, these chocolate cookies are packed with white chocolate, nuts and dried cherries.
The government immediately moved to revoke the bond of Mr. Howe, who admitted in court that he had violated the terms of his deal with prosecutors.
G.O.P. fiscal policy is reprehensible, but it won’t cause a recession.
A resignation by the chief of staff, John F. Kelly, was not considered imminent, but his suggestion reflects the turmoil engulfing President Trump’s staff.
The Independent Payment Advisory Board was supposed to make it easier for Congress to control Medicare spending. But Congress never loved it. Now it's gone.
The story of Steven A. Cohen explains our current economic age.
The legitimate contenders, as pitchers and catchers prepare to report: Dodgers, Rockies, Cubs, Cardinals, Yankees, Mets, Red Sox, Indians and Astros.
A top-quality steak served with herbed, buttery potatoes makes a special dinner for two — for any occasion or no occasion.
After months of negotiations, the Russian insisted on including information about the president as part of a deal involving stolen hacking tools.
Attacking underground bunkers in Vietnam was the least of my worries.
Social disconnection is a serious matter. But let’s not whip up a panic.
There are many choices for outstanding ineptitude and ability to create crises.
Lesson for Democrats: The same old won’t work in 2020.
Assuming that accusations are facts sends us down a dark path.
Finn Vigeland scores with a triple.
Getting lured into a kidnapper’s trap. Bidding goodbye to friends forever. Before they were unauthorized immigrants, they were children on cross-border journeys.
In the 1980s, Ms. Cunningham and Bill Agee were the central figures in one of the most famous sex scandals in corporate America. Four decades later, she sees it as one of the first #MeToo moments.
Andrew Yang, a former tech executive, is mounting a longer-than-long-shot bid for the White House by warning of economic calamity ahead.
Fiscal expansion will do much less to growth than fiscal contraction did in the austerity era
A resident of a co-op in Morningside Heights wonders who, if anyone, can end threats from a neighbor.
College was great, but no one mentioned how soul crushing my debt would be.
Research is finding that cocooning with your spouse instead of keeping up with friends could make wedded bliss more elusive.
One-time rewards now consume a bigger portion of payroll budgets than salary increases that deliver longer-term returns.
Fred Piscop presents a bilateral accord.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has remade the country’s political system and pioneered a model of one-party rule. His actions can be seen as part of a broader decline of democracy.
Many liberals talk about moving to another country to avoid Trump. I did the opposite.
If Washington shuts down, companies will step up. Do we really want that?
Data drawn from Spotify listeners reveal that we are all teenagers in love.
Immigration agents took away a chemistry professor about to drive his daughter to school.
Will a new American identity be formed in the backwash to the brackish Trump era?
An immodest proposal for the era of #MeToo.
What my generation of biracial kids has meant for this country.
What was simple hypocrisy has now become self-parody.
Matt Ginsberg, here to amaze you.
Left-leaning economists hate the timing and the composition. But the expansionary fiscal policy they sought is on the way.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Things have gotten a lot better since 2013.
Flashing smiles and without speaking in public, Kim Yo-jong outflanked Vice President Mike Pence in diplomatic image-making at the Winter Olympics.
In the first ruling of its kind in the state, a judge criticized the practice of assigning cash bail without regard to a defendant’s ability to pay.
Five years after Yoselyn Ortega was charged with fatally stabbing a 2-year-old boy and a 6-year-old girl, she faces trial and claims insanity.
The administration sees a greater role for the private sector in returning to the moon and running the International Space Station, which it would stop financing in 2025.
The world’s No. 1 maker of smartphone chips is the area’s biggest employer and benefactor, a role threatened by Broadcom’s $121 billion takeover bid.
At 77, Ms. Pelosi remains a dominant figure in Washington. How she bridges Democrats’ factions on immigration may help determine whether she can lead her party to a majority.
A standoff between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority is ravaging Gaza’s economy, pushing it to the verge of collapse, and escalating the risk of a violent confrontation with Israel.
Residents reluctantly return to live amid the rubble of the battered ruins of Kobani, a Kurdish city in northern Syria. They call the neighborhood The Museum.
Carlos Rafael, who ruled New Bedford’s fishing of cod and haddock, was caught lying about his catches. Now the piers have grown quiet.
President Trump will call this week for a $1.5 trillion infrastructure initiative by matching up to $100 billion in funds that states and cities put toward infrastructure projects.
Michael Black returns to help us find something important.
Misunderstanding a compliment for a dog.
Eric T. Schneiderman filed a suit alleging the studio and its founders violated state and city laws barring gender discrimination and sexual harassment.
It’s morally just to stand up against hatred and bigotry. It’s also good politics.
The problem isn’t that poor children don’t have access to computers. It’s that they spend too much time in front of them.
The state could adopt several common-sense reforms to reduce the number of people in prison, often for minor rule violations.
The president keeps protecting his supporters from his own policies.
Coalition governments between the center-right and center-left, like the deal reached in Germany by Chancellor Angela Merkel and the Social Democrats, may lead to more instability, not less.
It’s the game before the Games. Athletes coming to Pyeongchang strategize for weeks about how to overcome a foe they can’t see.
Aides to President Trump said they remained confused and upset over the handling of the accusations against Rob Porter, the staff secretary who stepped down.
Trump is a means to a conservative end.
The Season 1 finale concluded a number of problematic story lines and brought back a very satisfying (and familiar) visual.
The new HBO series from the creator of “Six Feet Under” promises a deep dive into liberal guilt during the age of Trump. It also promises to be very weird.
People injured at the alt-right rally in Charlottesville, Va., say in a lawsuit that organizers conspired to incite violence. The defendants say the First Amendment protects them.
Yes, you have to put in the hours, but just as important is putting in the right type of hours.
Ryan Coogler’s film is a vivid re-imagination of something black Americans have cherished for centuries — Africa as a dream of our wholeness, greatness and self-realization.
Our new columnist — chosen (out of 13,000 applicants) to visit all of the spots on our 52 Places list — finds plenty to celebrate in New Orleans, including fierce pride and a spirit of forgiveness.
Why are so many people agreeing to an expensive procedure — and putting themselves at risk — for a placebo effect?
The minimalist alternative to big bookcases, floating shelves offer enough space to display or store a few items without overwhelming a room.
In 1982, the Norwegian cross-country skier Oddvar Bra collided with a skier from the Soviet Union. Somehow, a national myth was born.
Hotel rooms provided by FEMA have been a rare source of stability amid the turmoil brought by Hurricane Maria. But Puerto Rican families worry about what comes next.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Is including a female artist’s wardrobe in surveys and retrospectives an act of condescension … or a recognition that an artist’s style is inseparable from her art?
Lingering questions about his memo hang over how he runs the House Intelligence Committee.
Monday: Secrets from the hotel that hosts 600 Westminster show dogs, Off-Broadway week and the anniversary of the premiere of “Dracula.”
Untreated osteoporosis could spawn an epidemic of bone fractures, hospital and nursing home admissions, even premature deaths.
The country was banned from the Winter Olympics because of a doping scandal, but there are 169 people competing as “Olympic athletes from Russia.”
Athletes are using sunlamps and other methods to adjust to competing in the morning instead of the evening. All to accommodate NBC’s broadcast schedule.
Retirements and reversals in gerrymandering give Democrats a clearer path to a majority. 
A child who is not sick may either withdraw or may start acting out, competing to get parents’ attention, experts say.
Will you always love your favorite songs from when you were 13 or 14?
Monday: One of the world’s best snowboarders (who happens to be from Torrance), questions about Nancy Pelosi’s leadership, and five years since the hunt for Christopher Dorner.
A Morgan Library & Museum exhibition of the playwright’s letters and manuscripts showcases the hungers that drove and derailed him.
Insurers have denied life and disability coverage to men taking Truvada to prevent H.I.V. infection, say gay rights advocates and medical experts.
The White House released a proposed budget that is largely irrelevant, given Congress passed a spending bill last week that outlines priorities.
This Barack Obama Is No Mr. Nice Guy. Kehinde Wiley’s portrait of the former president contradicts the impression he often made in office of being detached.
A Wordplay series that will look at one of the most revealed crossword entries from the past week.
The actress and the choreographer admired each other’s work from afar. Then they got married and started collaborating.
Electric pulses to the brain help subjects store memory, scientists have found. But the road to perfecting recall remains daunting.
A seven-time Olympian, Pechstein dates back to the days of the East German sports machine and has a doping violation that remains hard to ignore.
Caused by a fiery collision in the East China Sea, the spill has created an environmental disaster that has tested China’s ability to lead.
Scores on cognitive tests declined with rising blood glucose levels, even in people without diabetes.
Peter Martins is not being erased from City Ballet, which he retired from amid accusations of harassment and abuse. But his “Romeo + Juliet” is being tweaked.
Lawmakers will try to assemble immigration legislation that can garner 60 votes as the Senate undertakes an exceedingly rare open-ended debate.
They have garnered more attention than most athletes competing at the Winter Games. “Goodbye!” they called out to an empty arena before boarding buses back to their condos.
Ms. Maxwell, who has died at 61, transmitted an uncommon intelligence and love of craft found only in great theater performers.
Giphy Studios is trying to help actors, musicians and advertisers slide into your DMs with goofy short videos. Yay for our brains!
He reached toward a light blue birthday card, and then noticed that it was resting next to a dark blue condolence card.
Mark Mazzetti, our Washington investigations editor, answers readers’ questions about the Russia inquiry.
A lawsuit filed by an employee of Mr. Cohen’s company, Point72, alleges that senior employees discriminate against women. The firm denies the allegations.
His infrastructure “plan” is an obvious scam. But why didn’t he offer something legit?
The island’s power and water utilities require wholesale rebuilding to achieve resilience against the next big storm.
Instead of trying to improve troubled schools, the city is shutting them down.
There are problems in the background check system that need fixing. But even then, there are better ways to prevent mass shootings.
More than a year after joining the White House as a senior adviser, the president’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is among those without a permanent security clearance.
Dozens of states around the country have vaguely written statutes in place that could be letting police officers get away with sexual assault.
The president’s $200 billion plan recasts the federal government as a minority stakeholder in the nation’s new infrastructure projects.
The White House turnover rate in the first year of Donald J. Trump’s presidency has been 34 percent. That’s a modern record.
What happened to all that talk about sticking up for working people?
We now have a scarcity mind-set, and that mentality and the perpetual warrior style it demands are incompatible with any civilized political creed.
It may not be typical theater, but this immersive show is pulse-pounding and intensely affecting.
The investigation is intensifying. So are some of the unsavory details.
Bruce Haight offers us a thorny puzzle for a Tuesday.
Self-consciousness does not exist to torture you. It exists to help you learn.
Why do you think this film is garnering so much interest? How does it relate to and comment on our society’s current cultural and political climate?
What ideas about masculinity, femininity, sex and relationships might teenagers learn from pornography?
Nine ways to have a healthier relationship with your phone.
The Berlin Wall has been down as long as it stood. One generation lived with the wall, one without it. But in many ways it is still a tale of two countries.
Nothing sounds quite so sensible or healthy as ‘reform’ — whether its ultimate goal is to improve society or, these days, to stop trying.
Forecasts show many millennial women won’t fulfill their wishes on family size, and the biggest fertility declines are in Western states. 
The magazine’s Ethicist column on a parent’s duty to weigh the benefit of college against the cost and what is owed to a fixer in a war-torn country.
A persistent ridge of air in the Pacific is keeping winter storms away, and the Sierra snowpack, source of much of the state's water, is suffering.
A retrospective collection from the poet and publisher, “Ferlinghetti’s Greatest Poems,” gets at his rebellious appeal.
Among male skaters, body issues are more of an open secret, less likely to be addressed publicly by the competitors but evident to anyone in their world.
In a sprawling complaint citing the benefits of pot reaching back 10,000 years, the suit seeks to decriminalize the drug under federal law.
As children express fandom for Marvel’s latest superhero, parents face new questions about race, cultural appropriation and permission.
How a group of five activists called the Valve Turners decided to fight global warming by doing whatever it takes.
Faced with remote workers, small-business owners are scrambling for a strategy: Cultivate those customers, unplug the Wi-Fi — or both.
For over a year, Tako Robakidze has visited villages across Russian-occupied Georgia, photographing those for whom borders seemed to change overnight.
After years of looking, they found a bigger house in Brooklyn — then discovered an entire wall was crumbling. So much for staying on budget.
The fight against methamphetamines was successful, but only to a point. In some states it’s now the leading cause of drug-related deaths.
By the late 1960s, even many graduates of America’s elite military institutions opposed the fighting in Vietnam — including the six of us.
The House minority leader took to the floor for eight hours to protest a spending bill that she now says she wanted to pass. What’s the risk for the party?
Tuesday: New York Romantic, Mardi Gras celebrations, and broken heart week.
It’s very hard to change people’s minds, especially when so many are already committed partisans. 
If he refuses to resign, the next step would likely be a no-confidence vote in Parliament, one that could embarrass the governing party.
The Times’s White House correspondent recently caught up with Jennifer Steinhauer, a colleague and onetime competitor, to discuss the art of interviewing, the Trump effect and more.
Tuesday: How much big companies actually matter to a city, President Trump’s $4.4 trillion budget, and the key to getting good at math.
Look inside a vast collection of cards, from as early as the 1680s, featuring pop-ups, cutouts and Civil War soldiers.
Three pillars of the economic platform of the last decade for the Republican Party were less government spending, lower deficits and policy certainty. Not any more.
The papers of Angela Davis, just acquired by Harvard, trace her evolution from obscure philosophy professor to global icon to prophetic voice on mass incarceration.
Although only four Russians have been confirmed dead, reports continue to circulate that many more died in fighting in eastern Syria on Feb. 7-8.
Companies free of competitive pressures, with the power to set prices largely at will, pad the bottom line at the expense of customers and workers.
As the midterm elections approach, Russia is likely to throw more propaganda at Americans in an effort to deepen political divisions, American intelligence chiefs said.
A delicious new crop of cocoa-based products boast surprising wellness benefits.
Obese men treated for metastatic melanoma may survive longer than their normal-weight peers.
Seeking authors with a spate of books I can consume one after another without coming up for air.
The F.B.I. chief upended the White House’s timeline of events, also saying the bureau delivered its first report on Mr. Porter months earlier than officials had said.
A lukewarm response by potential donors, including the United States, at a fund-raising conference threatens efforts to stabilize the war-torn country.
Hwa Yuan Szechuan, the restaurant that gave New York cold sesame noodles, resurfaces with a menu that charms rather than overwhelms.
The search for the missing grain led to Trinidad and Thomas Jefferson, and now excitement among African-American chefs.
The charges, which would be the first against a sitting prime minister, raised immediate doubts about his ability to stay in power.
Don’t blur the difference between a rogue state and America.
Two new books, Roseann Lake’s “Leftover in China” and Elizabeth Flock’s “The Heart Is a Shifting Sea,” examine how marriage has withstood breakneck economic growth and social change in China and India.
IWasPoisoned.com, which lets users submit anonymous reports of food poisoning, has become a controversial powerhouse in the restaurant industry.
Systems in the brains of male and female songbirds are well-developed and finely tuned, but the wiring is different.
As a court considers whether to let the winner of a huge lottery jackpot remain anonymous, people are offering to change their names to help her claim her prize — for a cut.
The owners, Graydon Carter and Jeff Klein, say they expect refinement and subtle changes with Mr. Tanis in charge of the Midtown kitchen.
The dogs were walking. Their walker was riding.
In 2016, the “Saturday Night Live” comedian went viral (and then went to Rio) for being an Olympics superfan. Now, in 2018, she’s off to the races again.
The ability of the ancient pests may owe less to their speed than to their tough-shock absorbent exoskeletons. The finding could help engineers design tougher robots.
Judging from the reaction, the official portraits of former President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama were anything but bland. Tell us what you thought of them.
It cherry-picks his words to advance its narrow visions of libertarianism.
“Everybody in the digital video industry is pretty much in agreement that 30 to 40 percent of the ad impressions that are delivered out there don’t really exist.”
The proposal unveiled in President Trump’s budget would overhaul the country’s core food assistance program — commonly known as SNAP. The reaction was immediate, and largely negative.
The question shouldn’t keep the two sides from meeting to resolve a nuclear standoff.
Everyone’s so loss averse that it’s unlikely anyone will get too reckless.
Michael D. Cohen, who worked as a counsel to the Trump Organization for more than a decade, said he was not reimbursed for the 2016 payment.
Mary Lou Guizzo and The New York Times wish you a happy day.
A five-year agreement with the producer behind “Glee” and “American Horror Story,” whose Fox contract expires this summer, leaves Disney and Amazon in the lurch.
Legislative unhappiness over a court ruling on Pennsylvania’s gerrymandered congressional map highlights a growing trend toward punishing courts for controversial rulings.
As the powers that be in Beijing and the Vatican negotiate over who appoints clerics, many worshipers have more pressing worries.
What do you love or loathe about this holiday?
As the South African president resisted calls to step down, the police raided the residence some of his most prominent allies in an influence-peddling inquiry.
What is strikingly different, and significant, about the official likenesses of Barack and Michelle Obama?
Is going to the college of your dreams worth the debt you might accrue? Or would you choose a school based on its affordability for you and your family?
The White House correspondent on freedom of the press, the value of the White House press briefing and becoming a reaction meme.
Knowing what’s going to happen can amplify the pleasure of the moviegoing experience.
Chills, sweats, hives, achey bones — the older woman was sick for years before someone figured out the unusual disease that ailed her.
Readers describe their daily Times routine and explain how it varies when using our print and digital editions.
If the 2020 census asks whether respondents are citizens, policy experts worry that noncitizens won’t answer, to the detriment of public health.
The governor’s Commission of Correction said it would “examine steps to expeditiously close” the troubled city jail.
In the land of Tolstoy, Turgenev and now Putin, what are the stories Russians are telling themselves?
Sometimes there’s solitude. Other times, lively discussions with new friends. And at every stop in the hut system there’s the Intentions Book. It’s must-reading.
Knut Nystad prefers to remain invisible, because if the team underperforms, he becomes a figure of national ridicule.
In an attempt to finally overcome her famous Olympic blunder, the American snowboarder has teamed with a “performance architect” who wants her to embrace the negative memories.
Love isn’t always wonderful. 
While the United States may be weakening protections for wilderness, the creation of Yaguas National Park protects millions of acres from development and deforestation.
At first the shift toward upscale development was gradual, but in the last several years “it’s been an explosion.”
World Press Photo has announced the six finalists for photo of the year.
In year two, the Trump administration drifts back toward its campaign-season promises.
Even if you’re not a Christian, the idea of going without for 40 days is not so bad.
The supposed “suicide” in prison of an Iranian-Canadian university professor is an outrage that reflects heightened tensions in Iran.
Maybe he was a great staff secretary. You can’t separate that from the allegations against him.
“Are we on the same page here?” I asked. “Bob,” she said, “sometimes I think we’re in different libraries.”
The BOKS program, consisting of an hour of running, calisthenics and rousing group games, made children feel happier and more energetic.
When couples draw up their guest list, they are going to have to decide whether to include past relationships or hookups. Easy for some, not for others.
It’s often useful for parents to articulate high expectations in one breath and acknowledge the limits of their power in the next.
Wednesday: From farm to Valentine’s Day bouquet, where to celebrate the holiday, and Ash Wednesday.
After a disappointing fourth place in the halfpipe at the 2014 Games, the world’s best snowboarder had to “put it down” for another Olympic gold medal.
Facing bribery charges, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel still has a commanding hold on power.
Spying is rich fodder for fiction and movies. But entertainment exaggerates, even when it’s created by real secret agents.
A 19th-century shingled house with a barn in Essex, a midcentury home in Minneapolis and a renovated 1900 house in Hudson.
Wednesday: A news site created by Devin Nunes, businesses caught in a bind over undocumented immigrants, and a guide for Valentine’s Day.
The legislation sets up a clash that will pit the political center of the Senate against the president and the Republican congressional leadership.
You vote red, I vote blue. Debate is hot, and so are you.
The Bigger Picture campaign uses spoken-word poems and music videos to highlight how Type 2 diabetes impacts communities.
Lauren Ridloff, who was born deaf, will star onstage opposite Joshua Jackson in “Children of a Lesser God” — her first major theater acting job.
Jamie Brewer stars in “Amy and the Orphans,” about three siblings who reunite after their father’s death, and the road trip that follows.
Making its forecast come true would require productivity improvements not seen in decades and an atypical policy on interest rates.
Katie Watson says that with so much focus on “extraordinary” cases, there is something “unreal” about the American conversation about abortion.
In a lesson in unintended consequences, a voting overhaul in California could end up keeping Democrats off the ballot in two battleground districts.
It’s been hard to find a successor to Carmen Fariña with the skills to run the country’s largest district and a mind-set compatible with the mayor’s.
There were “serious derelictions” in a trip taken by David Shulkin, the secretary of veterans affairs, and his wife, an inspector general’s report said. Dr. Shulkin denied wrongdoing.
The first-time nominees Sufjan Stevens and Mary J. Blige join repeat nominees in a category that has always been a mash-up of hits, snoozers and misfires.
President Trump wants a military parade. His budget director says it could cost the United States $30 million at a time of rising deficits.
President Trump’s statement came as his chief of staff faced new questions about his handling of abuse claims against the staff secretary Rob Porter.
The gunman, armed with a semiautomatic AR-15 assault rifle, was a former student of the school who began his rampage shortly before dismissal time, the authorities said.
Reince Priebus, the president’s first White House chief of staff, said his tenure was even more arduous than outsiders knew. “Take everything you’ve heard and multiply it by 50,” he says in a new book.
Cyril Ramaphosa, newly elected as the leader of the African National Congress, is in line to be the next leader of the country.
As questions overshadowed his gold medal victory, the Olympian said, “I regret my behavior of many years ago.”
After several weather delays, Shiffrin finally began her quest for multiple Olympic gold medals with an emphatic victory in the giant slalom.
When the Jamaica-bound F is always just a minute away.
The admission by President Trump’s longtime personal lawyer that he sent $130,000 to a pornographic film actress is raising new legal, ethical and factual questions.
The producer agreed to a $300 million Netflix deal months after Shonda Rhimes signed for $100 million and Apple and Amazon contributed to a manic market.
His refusal to take on the Russian threat to our democracy violates his oath to ‘preserve, protect and defend the Constitution.’
I know all about how people who use SNAP benefits are humiliated. A Trump proposal will make it worse.
In a White House without integrity, everything becomes tainted.
Peter Gordon gives us a puzzle that’s for the birds, and I try my best not to mislead people.
Halfway through this season of “American Crime Story,” the motivations of the serial killer Andrew Cunanan remain opaque.
Meet the people whose goal is to disrupt the stereotypes of cosplay.
A Tennessee truck dealership lavished a local Republican congresswoman with campaign donations. It also sells “Make Trucks Great Again” caps.
With some careful planning, persuading strangers to help one another in case of an emergency will mitigate damage and build strong community bonds.
What do you think this image is saying?
How are intelligence officials and election-security experts addressing voting system vulnerabilities?
Chang Lee, a staff photographer for The New York Times, recounts how he covers the drama, the spectacle and a unified Korean team at the Winter Olympics.
Mr. Cruz faces 17 counts of premeditated murder — one for each of the people he is accused of killing with a semiautomatic AR-15 rifle at his former high school.
Does it diminish or strengthen individuals’ athletic talent and the sport over all?
The chef will transform his underperforming SoHo restaurant Paowalla into a lively canteen for Indian street food and snacks, the Bombay Bread Bar.
The activism and outrage from conservatives that has killed past immigration deals is less vitriolic this time, perhaps because they sense they are winning.
From upstart creative spaces and obscure bars to neighborhoods where a surprising urban tranquillity reigns, Bangkok remains ripe for discovery.
Cyril Ramaphosa was a protégé of Nelson Mandela before becoming one of South Africa’s richest men. As president, he vows to address gaping inequality.
After raising expectations of an old-school fight, the Senate ended up gridlocked as usual, as leaders shied away from politically charged votes.
When you cede the moral high ground to the Trump administration, you’ve ceded a piece of your soul.
This is the politics of the petty, where people dance and shout as the republic burns.
The administration’s effort to rush a decision on DACA will test whether a rule-bound court is prepared to stand up to a norm-breaking president.
The war looked easy at first. Then came the buildup to the Tet offensive, and we found ourselves trying to save lives in heavy combat day after day.
Thomas Piketty has a few ideas.
Myanmar and Bangladesh are again taking up talks to repatriate the Rohingya. But conflicting goals, and wariness among the refugees, remain a roadblock.
Dr. C. Anthony Blau, who has multiple myeloma, started a company to crowdsource an individualized approach to his disease.
Preparing for the Year of the Dog, an Olympic viewing party, and warmer weather.
Turning to Brazil’s indigenous cultures and folklore for inspiration, Tarsila do Amaral helped give rise to the country’s Modern movement, a MoMA exhibition shows.
 The Winter Games are underway in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Stay here for live updates, results and analysis.
Thursday: The Transbay Transit Center is coming to life, another mass shooting leaves at least 17 dead, a woman who is sure she saw Bigfoot.
This week’s listings are in Williamsburg, Murray Hill, and the on the Upper West Side.
This week’s properties are four-bedroom homes in Weston, Conn., and Bedford Corners, N.Y.
The number of places with more renters than homeowners has more than doubled since 2006.
Do you know your ESA from your ESTA?
A judge declined to convict Hugh Barry, who shot and killed 66-year-old Deborah Danner in her Bronx home as she wielded a bat.
Races designed to almost guarantee you won’t set a new personal record are becoming increasingly popular among runners who crave something new.
Its handling of Rob Porter’s resignation has become a case study in how shifting stories can make matters worse.
The unique, life-size relief sculptures of humped creatures and other beasts of burden are about 2,000 years old, but little is known about their origins.
In the wake of sex harassment scandals, the culinary foundation has set standards for nominees’ virtue. But making them work may prove tricky.
The committee, which raised a record $107 million, detailed its finances in a tax filing, revealing that it donated less than expected to charity.
Norway’s skiers say their team’s ability to punch above its weight on the mountain is directly related to its team harmony. Sometimes they share beds.
Only a few dishes on the menu owe allegiance to the northwestern Mexican state of Sinaloa, but they are reason alone to go.
These relatives of the octopus and squid save energy by effortlessly extending structures under their skin that help them hide.
The watering hole in Hobart, Tasmania, casts a wide net at a time when pubs either gentrify or wither.
Residents have discovered a new passion to fuel their sport-obsessed bones: high-alpine lake hockey.
What are the actor representing Jamaica and the vacuum salesman representing Ghana doing at the Winter Games? Testing their limits, like everyone else.
A journal says it’s the first documented case of successful inducement of breast-milk production in a transgender woman.
La Cité du Vin, in the city of Bordeaux, explains the region’s wine culture while also putting it the context of the global wine industry.
The pushback on Israel suggests that the White House is recalibrating its approach to Israel and the Palestinians as it wrestles with when, and how, to put a peace proposal on the table.
Has your school ever faced any sort of gun violence or gun incidents? Do you feel safe at school?
Democrats should be enraged by the immigration policies championed by the White House.
How are you addressing the school shooting in Parkland, Fla.? The Learning Network and teachers offer ideas for responding to this attack and the issues it raises.
Three measures — including one backed by President Trump — failed to garner the 60 votes required to open Senate debate. The next steps are unclear.
“Outliers and American Vanguard Art” in Washington, D.C., levels the wall between outsider and insider art, and finds a Venn overlap of “outliers.”
Land-grant colleges give all Americans access to an education no matter how much money their parents have.
An attack with allergens shown in a “Peter Rabbit” scene mirrors real-life threats to kids’ health, parents say.
In David Rothenberg’s photos, the jetliners landing at La Guardia Airport are silent, imposing behemoths. For the Queens neighborhoods under the flight path, they are anything but silent.
Seeing a familiar face while waiting for the bus back to Rockaway Beach.
Israeli politics has always been noisily contentious, but with the prime minister facing possible bribery charges, the toxicity threatens to reach new heights.
Investigators found an index card that read: “Under the full moon the small ones will know terror.”
Shiffrin, who said she felt oddly adrift during her first run, finished fourth in the slalom, her best event.
Jacob Zuma’s ouster as president is raising hopes of better fortunes for the nation’s moribund economy, but it will not happen easily.
A bill would have saved the Dreamers and given him his wall. He’d rather play political games.
Stuff the thoughts, hold the prayers, and do something to stop school shootings.
Former New York City Ballet dancers accused Mr. Martins of verbal and physical abuse, and an anonymous letter contained sexual harassment allegations against him.
These days, the G.O.P. basically lies about everything.
The attack was aimed at Ukraine but crippled computers around the world.
Millennials who can thrive in radically different environments may save the world.
Mr. Cruz, the suspect in the Parkland, Fla., school shooting, had no criminal history. But his childhood was certainly difficult.
Deadly shootings in schools have become a sad and distinct American ritual, with familiar images and a familiar response.
Allegations of mistreatment of women flooded the children’s publishing industry over the past week and ensnared James Dashner, the author of the “Maze Runner” series.
It’s time to vote the gun lobby out of office.
Start off your solving weekend with a David Steinberg puzzle.
David Shulkin, the lone Obama administration holdover in President Trump’s cabinet, said that political appointees were trying to oust him from the department he leads.
I first came to Kosovo nearly 20 years ago, when NATO intervened against Serbia in the war. A recent visit showed optimism yielding to fear and resignation.
What have been your favorite moments of the Games so far and why?
What can you learn about the causes and impact of obesity and diabetes from young people’s stories?
What are we leaving out when we encourage one another to speak rationally, objectively and impersonally?
The unifying voice of the Obama years digs in for a fractious new era and a second child.
Mr. Oliver talks about the new season of his topical HBO comedy series and a challenging interview of Dustin Hoffman that he conducted.
There is a lot to learn when you buy an old house — and what seems like a simple fix can turn into a major project.
This short documentary examines how robots are poised to change the way we do business and conduct our daily lives.
All the personal tasks in our lives are being made easier. But at what cost?
Our sense of belonging often comes from shared memories of collective experience. What will my multicultural daughter identify with?
In higher-latitude cities like Boston, inadequate UVB limits vitamin D synthesis for at least a few months during the winter.
Friday: Remembering president’s wives from New York, a snowstorm tomorrow, your weekend lineup, and Lunar New Year festivities.
At the Olympics, curious onlookers scrutinize visitors from the isolated North and wonder what a peek at a broader world could achieve.
Nusret Gokce has moved into the Plaza Hotel in order to be close to his new restaurant, Nusr-Et, where he spends most of the day.
Friday: An eagerly awaited exhibitions opens in Los Angeles, frustration mounts over inaction on guns, and Lunar New Year celebrations get underway.
Central Park real estate may be unattainable for most New Yorkers, but living across from any green space will increase your property values.
This week’s episode featured the beloved Snatch Game challenge.
Words on the page are only a start when improvisers and actors collaborate at a monthly show at Upright Citizens Brigade called “Gravid Water.” And that’s just fine with a theater critic.
Gun violence is common enough in the United States that Times journalists have developed a logistical playbook for covering it. But tragedy wears on them like everyone else.
The figure skater, who used to struggle with unhealthy eating, has a passionate social media following that includes frequent comments on his chiseled physique. Here is a look at his workout regimen.
A reporter who spent a decade covering Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaigns talks about her adjustment to book leave and finding the “foreign land where writers live.”
A growing number of state and local laws ban an employer practice that is said to perpetuate pay bias. But some researchers say the move may be counterproductive.
The Commerce Department said foreign metals posed a threat to national security, setting the stage for President Trump to consider stiff tariffs.
Ms. McDougal, a former Playboy model, explained how a tabloid paid for her story of a nine-month affair that allegedly began in 2006, only to never publish it.
With its mix of raw and browned onions, fresh herbs and a pungent hit of garlic, lobio is a far-from-ordinary bean dish.
The information should have been assessed and forwarded to the F.B.I. field office, the agency said.
The indictment does not allege collusion but reveals in painstaking detail how Russians posed as American activists to boost Mr. Trump’s campaign.
The chef Deuki Hong and two partners won the job of revamping the menu at the Asian Art Museum in San Francisco by breaking the rules.
It’s not a repeat of Reaganomics, but it rhymes
To give this homey dish a certain elegance, use frozen puff pastry and turn it into fetching, flaky hand pies.
The chef Yotam Ottolenghi begins a new series of columns on how to take favorite ingredients in different directions.
The indictments of 13 Russians for interfering in the 2016 election are a wakeup call for all Americans.
Robert Mueller’s latest indictments show how real the threat to U.S. elections is. When will the White House acknowledge it?
A fix to the Constitution would remove a barrier to real change.
Peter Wentz puts a lot into the puzzle today.
The Polish lurch into illiberalism and rewritten history is an immediate danger to the European idea.
Multigenerational and shared housing arrangements are on the rise, reversing a decades-long trend.
What can be done to make sure large items from a neighbor’s terrace don’t come crashing down onto yours?
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon sizzle, twizzle and perform a masterly acrostic.
The special counsel’s indictment detailed how crucial Facebook and Instagram were to the Russian campaign to disrupt the presidential election.
On both sides we’re too quick to reject the other’s views.
My son was killed in a school shooting. No parent should have to endure this pain.
A restriction compatible with a vision of armed citizenship.
Despite tears and shattered hearts, President Trump and Congress will do nothing.
The president and his attorney general have a backward worldview that is translating into regressive policies.
Whatever happened to sweatpants?
Its election interference didn’t aim at just the outcome — it also targeted attitudes toward our democracy.
Guns, infant mortality and car crashes show that we’re behind other wealthy nations.
Elizabeth A. Long puts people down, but nicely.
New taxes and fees on ride-hailing services have raised millions of dollars for transportation, infrastructure and even public schools.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Eight very specific thoughts on the blockbuster Marvel movie.
Those who have lost children in earlier tragedies will reach out to the newest grieving parents to console, advise and often recruit them to the gun control cause.
The mystery of a damaged bumper is solved through collaboration.
Bruce Haight pivots.
He either believes Putin’s denials, or more likely, is afraid of what the Russians have on him.
With imperfect English and tireless posting on Facebook and Twitter, Russian trolls summoned Americans to rallies, praised Donald J. Trump and played on political divisions.
There are so many scandals in this administration that many aren’t getting the attention they deserve.
The Russia indictment shows that black folks had unwanted hands on their backs, nudging them toward apathy.
This week’s episode questioned whether empathy remains a viable mode of personal or political action.
Step one: Give yourself permission to actually take the day off.
A Russian may lose his bronze medal after failing a doping test in a sport not accustomed to such high-profile cases, but one that is physically demanding.
Lack of dental care through Medicaid not only harms people’s health, but has negative economic implications as well. 
One of Marvel’s X-Men, Iceman, has finally accepted that he is gay in a comic book series that is breaking new ground for the genre.
The Wfirst project, which would have investigated the force of dark energy in the universe and searched for more planets, has been cut from NASA’s proposed budget.
Robert Bork, criticized for his role in the Saturday Night Massacre, also made sure the president couldn’t easily fire another special prosecutor.
The best solution for inexperience is to have teenagers practice more, under varied conditions, an expert says.
Although teenage pregnancy rates have declined, too many teens still use birth control methods incorrectly or inconsistently.
This month’s spotlight is on the constructor Laura Braunstein.
 Representative Beto O’Rourke is making a long-shot bid to defeat Ted Cruz and become the first Democrat in Texas to win a statewide office since 1994.
Scientists are racing to understand why immunotherapy drugs have worked for a few cancer patients when the medicines should have had no effect.
A look at one of the most revealed entries from the past week of crosswords.
Two Americans snapped up large swaths of land in Chile, which they donated to a new conservation area that will be three times the size of Yosemite and Yellowstone combined.
A surge in spending on the armed forces has opened new avenues for the graft and cronyism that many see as Ukraine’s most dangerous enemy.
A federal trial in Brooklyn is set to explore the issue of so-called collars for dollars. The implications could be far-reaching.
This bio-play about the married artists Jackson Pollock and Lee Krasner is a surreal sparring match, steeped in alcohol and dripping with paint.
President Trump’s efforts to undermine the health law have widened the gap between those who get government aid and those who don’t, deepening resentments.
Around the country, teachers are reflecting on whether they are prepared to take a bullet for their students. “I think about it all the time,” one said.
A memorable encounter at the end of a trip to New York.
The personal is political: A bad-faith party attracts bad people.
America’s female figure skaters came up under a system that rewarded clean skating over innovation. But that doesn’t produce champions.
One reaction to the Florida school shooting is the shaming of supporters of gun rights. But there’s a more productive approach.
As Corporate America espouses “social responsibility,” the financial industry could help limit sales of assault weapons, our columnist writes.
Twitter accounts suspected of having links to Russia were focused on Robert Mueller. But after news broke about the shooting, they quickly changed their focus.
Republicans are adding measures to appropriations bills that would gut protections of the air, water and landscape.
The White House aide who resigned in a domestic abuse scandal that engulfed the White House was known for his ambition at Harvard and on Capitol Hill.
Federal officials are slow to share with them the specifics they need to guard against Russian hacking and other attacks on voting integrity, state election officials say.
This week Dr. Kreizler came face to face with a killer — and with how much he has yet to learn.
Joel Fagliano tips his hat to our cousins in the word business.
Mikhail D. Prokhorov, a Russian oligarch and owner of the Nets, is financing a defamation suit that attacks the credibility of Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov.
Mirai Nagasu was devastated when she was passed over for the 2014 Sochi Games. She nearly quit the sport, but then decided to write a new ending to her story.
The Canadians modernized ice dancing and skated their way into the history books Tuesday at the Winter Games.
With many of their best barred from these Games because of doping, Russian athletes have yet to win a gold medal. Their supporters say the fault lies elsewhere.
Pre-need funeral plans can be complicated, so here is a primer on everything you’ll need to know.
The fathers of Kenya’s president and opposition leader were political allies who became adversaries. In a sense, the sons are repeating their battles.
As young people speak out about gun violence, can they bring about real and lasting change? How?
Gareth Smit followed street-style photographer Phil Oh during New York Fashion Week.
Shouldering a heavy political weight, the team lost its final game, but the outcome was beside the point for many optimistic spectators.
At least 200 were killed in a rebel-held area near Damascus, and pro-government forces tried to bolster Kurds fighting Turkish forces in Afrin.
Novels for young readers that tackle the complexities of the human condition.
Mario Vargas Llosa isn’t a household name among American readers. But at 81, he remains a literary and political colossus across the Spanish-speaking world, and his novels have never felt more relevant.
Critics say the search giant is squelching competition before it begins. Should the government step in?
Nearly a dozen special elections are being held in 2018 to fill vacancies left by lawmakers accused of sexual harassment or misconduct.
No president has ever been so fixated on his poll results. And no president has ever had less reason to care about them.
After winning two Oscars, she stopped acting for decades to fight Thatcherism. Now, at 81, she’s tackling an Edward Albee classic. But she insists, “I lead a very dull life.”
Despite some transformative growing pains, the city may well be one of the most pleasant and livable ones in the United States.
U.S. officials, said to be worried about being used as a fig leaf, have rebuffed requests for help. The case involves spying on Mexican government critics.
An unexpected payday suggests an uncertain future for the equally derided and appreciated urban art form.
How would that Monet look in your living room? Check your phone.
Twenty years after my first visit to the Vietnamese city, would the people I love most love the land I love most?
Vietnamese communists and their allies killed thousands of civilians during the Tet offensive. But that atrocity has been largely forgotten.
There’s nothing new about Trump, but that’s not necessarily reassuring.
Tuesday: Legislation to watch this year, “Malcolm X Speaks”, and a look at key players in Albany.
Four American soldiers were ambushed by militants in a remote desert in Niger in October. It was all part of a shadowy war going back to the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
Avoiding jail time, a senior official turns state’s witness, offering information about ties between Mr. Netanyahu and an Israeli media tycoon.
“Being out as a trans man isn’t new in my personal life, but it’s new in the public sphere,” says Yance Ford, whose documentary “Strong Island” is about the aftermath of his brother’s violent death.
Many in this driven generation believe they can’t move forward without beating themselves up.
President Trump suggested that the Obama administration did not do enough to prevent the Kremlin’s influence campaign.
Tuesday: Kamala Harris and Dianne Feinstein speak out after a school shooting, an army of bots spring into action, and “Tacros” arrive at the Ferry Building.
The lawyer admitted lying in an interview with the special counsel about conversations he had with Rick Gates, who served on the Trump campaign.
Republicans seek a leaner welfare system tying government benefits to hard work. But such benefits are worthless when there is no work to be had.
People who cut back on added sugar, refined grains and processed foods lost weight without worrying about calories or portion size.
The artist Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, grandson and namesake of the founder of the Pakistan Peoples Party, is queer, Muslim and proud.
Masayoshi Takayama’s new Japanese restaurant in TriBeCa shows he can still dazzle while charging less than $595 for dinner.
Millions of “bots” posing as real users are promoting celebrities, spreading misinformation and sowing discord. And it’s far easier to build a bot than to kill one.
Even in Anchorage, hunting down fresh fruit and vegetables can be like panning for gold. The smartest prospectors have a strategy.
Students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 17 people were killed last week, arrived at the state capital late Tuesday.
The program was ordered to vacate 123 victories, including two trips to the Final Four, as punishment for a case involving players and prostitutes.
A proposal would allow people to collect Social Security after a birth, but there’s a catch. 
How to explain the sudden dominance of the bespectacled South Korean women’s curling team? “It’s definitely the power of the garlic.”
Coming of age on the Greenland tundra.
New York City’s M.T.A. system serves almost six million riders every day. It also has the worst on-time performance of any major rapid transit system in the world. Here’s why.
Melinda Taylor, an Australian lawyer who represents Julian Assange, has made a career of defending individuals condemned by the court of public opinion.
The president asked the Justice Department to propose regulations that would ban “bump stocks,” which can convert a semiautomatic gun into an automatic weapon.
Teachers and other educators described to us what it’s like to teach amid lockdown drills and fear of attacks.
Prosecutors’ latest examples of a sprawling Albany corruption scheme have turned to science fairs, library trips and a teacher’s performance review.
Scientists used a variety of tools originally developed for medicine, manufacturing and geology to discover hidden details in the artist’s paintings and sculptures.
A poet’s rumination on pets from a particular part of Manhattan.
A dance critic’s take: They didn’t win the gold, but no team matched the artistry of Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron.
Only raw electoral power can beat the gun lobby.
The building blocks of artificial intelligence are becoming more affordable and easier to work with. A new report explains why that opens the door to additional risks.
There is no reliable cure for angry young men who harbor violent fantasies. The only solution is to keep guns out of their hands.
Big air is a new event at the Olympics, and the mothers and fathers of the competitors probably deserve medals just for watching.
Strongmen know not to worry that America will stand up to them.
If you dream about the Democrats restoring national sanity, my advice is to stay away from the race in the seventh congressional district of Texas.
In a will that she signed days before she died, Ms. Lee assigned her literary assets to a trust.
A man who looks like he’s from another era is quick to act.
Mr. Carson’s wife is accused of pressuring officials at the Department of Housing and Urban Development for an expensive redecoration of his office.
The president’s adviser and son-in-law lost his top-secret clearance, a White House official and another person familiar with Mr. Kushner’s situation said.
A court ruling has shaken Stuttgart, where it may soon be illegal to drive a diesel-powered Mercedes in parts of the city.
Decades of hope that China might join a global liberal order are dashed. He can be president for life, as China becomes more dominant in the world.
An illustrator captures one of the world’s largest migrations.
We need a new model of masculinity. It won’t come from this president.
Lawmakers in both parties are recalibrating their positions on gun control in the wake of the massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
New York is one of a group of cities that limits cooperation with federal immigration authorities, but that has not stopped the number of deportations from climbing.
In “Blue Dreams,” the psychologist Lauren Slater explores the intersection of personality and chemistry by way of her own history with antidepressants.
Detective Michael Foder is accused of doctoring a photo lineup to persuade a judge that a victim had been able to identify two suspects in a carjacking.
In a rare move, Justice Stephen G. Breyer dissented from the bench, saying the majority was violating fundamental constitutional principles.
The Chinese leader has new authority to pursue his drive to make China a dominant global power — even if it risks putting Beijing in conflict with Washington.
To pass as a dancer in “Red Sparrow,” Ms. Lawrence turned to a choreographer, a partner, a dance double and a “ballet-boot-camp guy.”
Why did the news media fall for tax-cut hype?
Once a radical experiment in dining and now a global brand, L’Atelier de Joël Robuchon returns to Manhattan.
Another week, another set of threats against transgender Americans.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to disclose a history of sexual assault to family members and more.
Tuesday: “There will be damage,” a grower warns, the Supreme Court turns down a DACA request, and a decades-old Jewish deli makes a change.
Jerome H. Powell told Congress that the economy is healthy and that he plans to continue the Fed’s current course.
Are there any “dumb” devices that you think are better than some “smart” devices?
Tuesday: A local treasure on the National Register of Historic Places, splendid weather and hidden city reservoirs.
It is time to grant Doyle Lee Hamm, survivor of the execution chamber, clemency.
Pyeongchang and Parkland raise questions about what Washington is doing.
The Alabama city has a complicated history, heavy with racial tensions. But it’s also a powerful place, and a friendly one for travelers. 
You can be entitled to your opinion, compensation, a fair trial — or you could be a rude, entitled person. It all depends what we think you deserve.
She made her name on the TV drama “Six Feet Under.” But her last musical? That was “Oklahoma!” — in high school. Now she’s playing Eliza Doolittle in “My Fair Lady.”
An unreleased report says North Korea has evaded United Nations sanctions, providing Syria with materials for chemical weapons.
Kennedy Airport was overwhelmed for days after a January snowstorm. How did Logan escape the same fate? The key might lie in how it’s managed.
Lines formed down the block for Virgil Abloh and Takashi Murakami’s exhibition at a London branch of the Gagosian Gallery.
A seed company co-founded by the chef Dan Barber aims to build a big audience for new vegetables (sweeter peppers, milder beets) using the marketing muscle of chefs.
Writing a will is about who gets your stuff, but many nonparents yearn to create a legacy by nurturing and influencing the offspring of others.
In “Conspiracy,” Ryan Holiday describes the blockbuster case that killed Gawker.
Prospective students at Seattle Pacific University know when they first tour the campus that, at some point, “they’re going to encounter what it means to be around homelessness.”
New evidence that exit polls are a very flawed vehicle for doing post-election analysis.
Novels with complex themes and elevated writing styles that are still accessible to even novice readers.
“There’s a lot in there that I doubt, but the part I really don’t believe is that he can run,” the “Late Show” host said of the president’s comments.
The offer, which values the British satellite broadcaster at $31 billion, could derail 21st Century Fox’s long efforts to acquire full control of it.
Despite improvements, Italy’s economy remains moribund for millions of working people — a source of contempt about approaching national elections.
While you may already use food products to remove stains or wash the dishes, here are some other pantry staples to clean all kinds of messes.
What factors influence you when choosing a position on a debatable subject?
People with dogs are often perceived to be more approachable, happier and more empathetic, research shows.
Male fiddler crabs wave an outsized claw to attract females — and the faster, the better, new research shows.
Ross Trudeau dreams a cultural dream.
This week’s episode was tense and poetically gruesome — and the best of the series to date.
Hammaad Chaudry’s first play is an ambitious look at the traumas of dislocation among the assimilated children of Pakistani immigrants in London.
Lawyers for Gov. Eric Greitens of Missouri say a statute was never meant for a case like the governor’s. Passed in the 1990s, it has seldom been used.
If Trump didn’t know that Russia had infiltrated his campaign, he should have.
A Supreme Court case on public-sector unions is a reminder of why it matters how Justice Neil Gorsuch landed on the court.
Evangelicals like Franklin Graham are locked in a tight embrace with the president and the Republican Party. Some are now asking if the movement has gone astray.
The nation’s most trusted news anchor had not been critical of the Vietnam War. A visit to Hue during the Tet offensive changed his mind.
On Feb. 10, it seemed that a sale involving the Weinstein Company was on the verge of being completed. It has since collapsed, and the finger-pointing has begun.
On college campuses, students express diminished expectations and little faith in big institutions, yet they aren’t hopeless.
A Supreme Court case asks where the government’s right to examine digital evidence ends.
Something big is happening, and bad men in power should be very, very afraid.
The maneuver is good for companies’ stock prices, but it may not help the overall economy — undercutting a central goal of the tax cuts.
A former waiter recalls sampling a personal favorite.
Many Americans are financially connected to the firearms industry through retirement plans or index funds that own stocks in gun companies.
Daa! Dumplings sells pelmeni, khinkali and more Siberian favorites to eat in or take out at the Turnstyle Underground Market.
Maya Wilson’s “The Alaska From Scratch Cookbook” celebrates the state and its state of mind.
The chef behind the Momofuku restaurants discusses his new Netflix series, “Ugly Delicious,” at the 92nd Street Y.
Emergency responders had to check for signs of life when they found the 17-year-old. On Monday, a cast on her arm was the only outward sign of her injuries.
President Trump said the United States needs to consider opening more mental health institutions to avert mass shootings, and he castigated the Florida police response.
Typically biologists have assumed that fat cells lead sedentary lives, but in fruit flies they seem to be highly mobile, performing vital functions in emergencies.
Wines from this region are prized and some are ridiculously priced. These five good producers are still within reach.
A new study projects that slightly more than two-thirds of the species could be threatened, as they swim farther and farther to find food.
Bordeaux is renowned for its chateaus and grandiosity. But this corner remains a land of small family farms, even if the wines are magnificent.
The case could have national significance for gay rights if the Supreme Court decides to consider whether the law covers sexual-orientation discrimination.
In an unusual move, the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to hear the case before an appeals court had ruled.
Monday: Senator Dianne Feinstein falls far short of the state party’s endorsement, the Weinstein Company will file for bankruptcy, and a “bodega” debate.
Xi Jinping’s grab for power without term limits is the biggest move yet in a global shift by Putin, Erdogan and others toward unabashed authoritarianism.
The chancellor’s Christian Democrats elected Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer as party general secretary, a signal that the Merkel era is nearing its end.
The binary here is a little dramatic, sure, but the lesson is crucial: If you don’t love it, don’t do it.
He may not be competing as an athlete, but for Doug Mills, the Winter Games are still a grueling marathon of nonstop physical exertion.
Boiled down, the philosophy is a blueprint for consolidating and strengthening power at three levels: the nation, the party and Mr. Xi himself.
As New York considers congestion pricing, the systems used in London, Singapore and Stockholm could provide a valuable road map.
Public health experts worry about the effects of “fat acceptance” on well-being and the costs of chronic weight-related ailments.
Monday: the reflections of a photojournalist, clearer weather and the anniversary of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.
I mourn the fact that I cannot reach into my pocket and tap my phone and see my daughter in action when she was 3.
The White House is accelerating plans to move diplomatic staff members to Jerusalem, with a small office to be set up in time for the 70th anniversary of the creation of the state of Israel, in May.
To the misogynist, the most terrifying thing imaginable is a woman with power, her own voice and her own life.
Maybe heroism can’t be taught, but preparedness certainly can be. Every teacher should have training for a school shooting like mine did.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
The vast coastal county of Cornwall, England, had a profound effect on the future writing of the impressionable young girl who would become a literary star.
Furnishing a child’s room offers adults the chance to play with colors and shapes — especially when it comes to statement-making chairs.
The Europeans are creating an add-on agreement that would extend the existing deal with tighter restrictions, hoping that it will satisfy President Trump.
A group of people in their 20s discussed retirement (some expect to continue working) and their financial plans (some lack direction and employee benefits).
The hope was that they would naturally eat the right amount, and that fewer would be overweight, but a study didn’t support that.
An inquiry into why research on the nature of dogs gets so much attention raises the question of whether there are actually more studies of dogs.
The next big debate in gerrymandering may be whether nonpartisan maps should strive for partisan symmetry, or whether they should try to avoid political considerations altogether. 
Last year, Democrats and Republicans alike agreed that if anyone could bring order to the Trump administration, it was the retired four-star Marine general. Were they wrong?
"Bubble Beirut” presents an up close and personal look at the lives of the city’s untouchables.
What opportunities and challenges lie ahead for North Korea, South Korea and the United States?
State lawmakers created new college programs focused on Western thinkers, drawing the ire of longtime faculty members who called the courses unnecessary.
In West Virginia, the name of Don Blankenship, former head of Massey Energy, can evoke hopes for bygone prosperity or the anguish of a deadly disaster.
Why do you think people sometimes have difficulty being proud of what they have accomplished?
Researchers in The Hague will use technology borrowed from medicine to find the answers to lingering questions about Vermeer’s 1665 masterpiece.
The film and television studio has been struggling in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations against Harvey Weinstein, its co-owner.
On the return of ‘The Boys in the Band’ and why it matters more than ever.
The series returned from its midwinter break with the most affecting moment of the season so far.
In “Fair Shot,” the entrepreneur considers the role luck played in his career, and how to make life more just for everyone.
Until now, Greg came across as a sort of living Op-Ed page. This week we got a more sensitive look into his existential crisis.
We have long venerated the gun and valorized its usage.
As calls for gun bans intensify after the Parkland shooting, some sellers proudly display AR-15 semiautomatic rifles but say they support some limits.
The need to recharge its economy gives the kingdom new reasons to make common cause with China and Russia — overtures Washington is willing to accept.
The campus in Parkland, Fla., where 17 people were killed, reopened on Sunday for students and their families to retrieve belongings, reunite with friends and brace themselves for classes to resume.
It’s hard to know what to do when age brings a faithful companion so much fear and suffering.
Progressives don’t vote as often as conservatives do, which makes turnout the biggest opportunity for the new progressive movement.
Lawmakers have no clear consensus on even incremental changes to gun restrictions, let alone more sweeping legislation.
More patients can be treated at home or in doctors’ offices, and that’s a good thing.
Businesses are buying back stock to boost prices, giving dividends and pursuing mergers, not raising wages.
A call between President Enrique Peña Nieto and President Trump descended into a quarrel over the wall, a topic that is fraying relations and blocking progress on vital issues.
Cryptocurrencies and blockchain were meant to be great equalizers. Instead, women are finding that the gold rush is already stacked against them.
Andrea Carla Michaels and Mark Diehl collaborate on a life lesson.
Taking sidewalk courtesy to the extreme.
France is screening migrants before they take a perilous trip across the Mediterranean. A few get a plane ticket. For everyone else, the message is: Stay home.
An emerging field, digital phenotyping, tries to assess people’s well-being based on their interactions with digital devices.
A coordinated push by some of the right’s biggest contributors has paved the way for a Supreme Court decision that could cripple public-sector unions.
Penne alla vodka, Sri Lankan-style dal or egg drop soup: Make dinner count in the days ahead.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
We talked to the creators of four children’s books that depict forgotten figures from black history or find new meaning in familiar ones.
The Communist Party has proposed revising the Constitution to end a two-term limit, which would let Xi Jinping remain president, perhaps indefinitely.
Will Nediger reduces and reuses, and requires some cerebral juggling to solve his puzzle.
House Democrats made public a heavily redacted memo that was drafted to counter Republican claims of surveillance abuses against a former Trump campaign aide.
One thing I have learned is that the rules for life are different from the rules for sports.
State and local governments should pass laws to protect facilities that help curb overdose deaths, in the face of the Trump administration’s threats.
A grim reptilian fable about a leader who’s not able.
Her illness essentially doubled my wardrobe. I obviously had mixed feelings about that.
The curiosity that Steven Pinker’s vision of enlightenment leaves out.
We need to free boys from shame, and teach them that masculinity isn’t about domination.
President Trump and his aides point out that he has not been implicated by any of the charges in the Russia inquiry led by the special counsel Robert S. Mueller III. Yet the investigation seems to be leading to a larger, as yet undefined, goal.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo has reinterpreted an executive directive, enabling him to receive about $890,000 from people he has appointed to state boards.
Sam Ezersky almost spells my zealots maskers.
The group is often perceived by opponents as bankrolling its preferred candidates. But its influence is derived from a muscular electioneering machine.
A special Times collaboration with New Orleans’ NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune on the environmental threat to the Gulf Coast took nearly a year to put together.
The economics of the euro were as bad as expected, but it has proved politically durable.
What can be done about the snoring noises that can be heard from another apartment?
Conspiracy theories about the Florida school shooting are part of a long history of genuine activism being dismissed as the work of paid agitators.
Silicon Valley wants to save cities. What could go wrong?
Basically written off by many of his publishing peers when he left Random House nine years ago, Mr. Rubin is back on top with Henry Holt. The reason? A certain book about the White House.
In her directorial debut, “Half Magic,” women fight misogyny in Hollywood with witchcraft.
The zone is ground zero of a once-and-possibly-future war with North Korea, and visiting it comes with a sense of marvel and menace. 
After a historic performance at the Olympics, some Norwegians fret that they dominate their favorite sport so much that they are ruining it.
America failed to win the war. But Saigon fell because its government failed to unite its people.
In the criminal justice system, there are difficult puzzles. This one is by John Guzzetta.
The year the Show Me State saw too much.
There’s a reason Israel’s prime minister has endured.
Australians are scared of guns. Americans love them.
The sublime uprightness of black hair in its natural state has returned as a symbol of political consciousness.
The president should seize the opportunity proposed by his defense secretary to reverse the cruel ban he unveiled on Twitter last summer.
We want to know more about our readers. Tell us about one thing in your life you’re super proud of.
Adaptations of Broadway musicals to be performed by middle and high school students are becoming an increasingly important revenue stream for theater producers.
I’m a congressman who was in the Army. I know how lethal these weapons are because I used them in combat.
City dwellers who decamp to the suburbs want to believe that they won’t be that far from the city, but commuting realities often prove them wrong.
The State Department is reviewing whether the offer by Sheldon Adelson to donate up to an estimated $500 million is legal.
One of two local news sites shuttered by their billionaire owner is being revived by New York’s public radio station, but the other, DNAinfo, will stay dark.
The Chinese government’s move to tame an ambitious global deal maker reflects an official willingness to finally curb the country’s addiction to borrowing.
A big deposit from the I.R.S. unexpectedly shows up in your bank account. What should you do? First off, don’t spend it. You may be a victim of identity fraud.
Calling home cooks everywhere: It’s time to get acquainted with the adorable and versatile quarter-sheet pan.
The state’s governor and Republican leaders proposed on Friday the most significant move toward gun control in Florida in decades.
Colleges should stop trivializing the transmission of knowledge.
Made with ground lamb, this version of a beloved dish is spiced with cumin, coriander, cinnamon and a touch of cayenne.
The action was a clear signal, near the end of an Olympic Games marked by a rapprochement on the Korean Peninsula, that his pressure campaign would not let up.
The plea deal could be a sign that Mr. Gates plans to share incriminating information against Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman, or other members of the campaign.
Gary Barnett, the developer behind Manhattan’s most expensive tower, is starting his first project in Downtown Brooklyn, complete with rooftop pool.
Friday: Candidates for governor spar in San Diego, a powerful state senator resigns, and a Riverside County native nabs ice hockey gold.
With only six queens left and the skill gaps narrowing, the next contestant to eliminate becomes less clear.
Meet the people who gather for the extravaganza known as the Bronner Bros. show in Atlanta.
Despite the country being barred from the Winter Games, Russian athletes and fans showed up and had a good time.
President Trump has focused on mental health, rather than weapons, after the mass shooting in Florida. But mental illness is rarely the cause of gun violence.
Nadezhda Sergeeva is the second Russian athlete at the Games to test positive for a banned substance. Will Russia get its flag back now?
Team U.S.A. won Olympic gold in women’s hockey for the first time since 1998. For the players, this was about more than their sport.
Friday: The Worst Commute of the Week award, wet weather and a slew of film festivals.
A reader asks: Can you get sick just from sitting in an overly air-conditioned room or going out without a jacket? Or do you need to actually catch a virus?
Missy possesses an openness, a willingness to dive right in and live in the moment, while I find it hard to get out of my own head.
Cross-country skiers require, on average, more daily calories than any other type of athlete. But the constant need to eat can take over their lives.
Someday, hopefully, we can undo this president’s corruption.
My eyesight is in jeopardy. But I see some things more clearly than ever.
The terrible compromises of serving Trump.
A filmmaker celebrates the discovery of the coelacanth, the fossil-like fish time left behind.
Once you have decided it’s time to move out of the city, how do you figure out which suburb will suit you best?
On remote islands off the coast of Maine, small bands of residents stay through the long winter. They embrace the emptiness and a frontier sensibility.
To understand the wild swings on Wall Street, consider a farm town, a long drought and the cost of flood insurance.
“Maybe bullying isn’t that bad after all,” Noah said of the Florida senator’s grilling over gun control by students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
How would you feel if you knew some adults in your school were carrying concealed weapons?
A speech in New Delhi was to focus on “Indo-Pacific” ties. After criticism about mixing profit and policy, it became a chat about business and family.
The unemployment rate for black workers hit its lowest point on record recently. But even a strong labor market has limits in spreading opportunity widely.
Manlio Fabio Beltrones has been implicated in a far-reaching graft investigation, according to documents and testimony reviewed by The New York Times.
What do you think this image is saying?
A shopping ban may sound impossible, or only for people who can already afford to live lean, but with the right rules, you can do it too.
Thank you for your service, Marie Kondo. Meet Eiko. In her new book, a mega-seller in Japan, this yoga teacher says even the stiffest people can do the splits.
The authorities say Kavous Seyed Emami, a prominent environmentalist, committed suicide in prison. His wife and sons doubt that, and are demanding answers.
A revision of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services mission statement omits the phrase “nation of immigrants.”
This divinely wrought, beautifully sung New Group production finds compassion within a very relevant satire.
Trenton Charlson starts our solving weekend.
Last week’s school massacre in Florida set the well-worn machinery of America’s gun debate in motion. But angry students injected new passion into a stale fight.
The troubled Chinese company had spent billions of dollars buying up hotels and other high-profile properties around the world.
Steven Pinker is what we need now.
Even police officers often fail to hit their target when they shoot. How much worse would such an unintended consequence be in a crowded school?
In a showdown between two Russians, Zagitova beat out Evgenia Medvedeva to win the gold medal. The Americans finished no higher than ninth, their worst collective performance in an Olympics.
America’s gun madness is part of an assault on the very idea of community.
Mr. Feinberg was accused of sexually abusing a female student in the late 1990s. An investigation found the claim credible, though he has denied it.
The best teenage comments from last week’s writing prompts, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
You say you want a revolution? You won’t find it in “Songs for Sabotage,” which keeps its political voice low and its money on well-made art.
Seeking a connection when a familiar sense of dread starts to rise.
The indictment comes weeks after Mr. Greitens, a first-term Republican, acknowledged an extramarital affair before he took office.
The charges do not involve President Trump or his campaign, but they compound the legal problems for Mr. Manafort, his former campaign chairman.
He understood that the ends to which science could be used were forever bound up with the moral choices of its practitioners.
President Emmanuel Macron wants to make it faster and easier to expel migrants who are rejected for asylum. But critics say his new law would go too far.
Workers in a small Illinois town are worried that a Supreme Court decision curbing union power would hurt their community.
The indictment of Richard Walker was the latest against Nassau County officials, including Edward P. Mangano, the former county executive.
An inspiring — and teachable — list of the fascinating connections made by the student-winners of a recent Learning Network challenge.
Russian winners at these Games will hear the unfamiliar Olympic hymn, from 1896, on the medal stand, rather than their national anthem, a penalty for the country’s doping scandal.
The debate over whether Russia gets its flag for the closing ceremony is delaying talk about a more substantive issue: Russian athletes are still doping.
Much of what I learned in the Army is horrifyingly relevant in the classroom.
Audiences love the classic songs. And producers love filling seats. But in this #MeToo moment, what to make of musicals like “My Fair Lady” and “Carousel”?
There is an odd magic at work at the Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn restaurant, where the food grows increasingly rich as the meal goes on.
The best and worst commutes in the nation.
Sarah Blesener documented 10 programs that teach patriotic values and military skills to American children and teenagers.
This week’s properties include a six-bedroom in Islip, N.Y., and a five-bedroom in Colts Neck, N.J.
This week’s properties are in Park Slope, Brooklyn, in Clinton and Chelsea.
Thursday: A man who sold marijuana to celebrities hopes Compton will reconsider its ban, a school shooting threat in Whittier, and a new road map to weight loss.
President Trump promoted arming specially trained teachers to fend off school shooters, but rejected active-shooter drills to survive a rampage.
The love story between Sally Hawkins’s character and amphibian man is part of a grand tradition of cinematic human-monster romances. Here are a few more suitors to consider.
I had a rare and dangerous type of ectopic pregnancy, in which the embryo implanted on the scar of a previous cesarean section.
Demands for gun restrictions have followed one mass shooting after another, but little has changed. This time, the students who survived are leading the charge.
Believing in your healthful habits is a healthful habit in itself.
Going to sleep within two hours of eating dinner and snacking after dinner were also associated with obesity, but skipping breakfast was not.
Thursday: The 19th-century woman who desegregated New York City’s public transit, colder weather, and Beer Week.
Journalism under the siege of the perpetually enraged reader.
The gastronomic scene has been growing by leaps and bounds. And then, both within and beyond the city’s boundaries, there’s the wine: malbecs, torrontés and more.
For cities fearing an undercount, the 2020 census has already started.
Short on space in Manhattan — and planning a family — they made the leap to the suburbs. But owning a house presented its own challenges.
One reason for the evictions, legal advocates say, is that the residents’ better-paying Medicare coverage is ending and will be replaced by Medicaid.
An attitude that feels thrilling in one era may well wind up feeling like everything wrong with the next.
Should a job seeker forswear an unfair system at the cost of not getting the job?
Kimmel asked, “Do you really think these kids, these teenagers who spoke out after a shooting at their school, are actors?”
Concern about the self-governing island’s fate seems to be building in Washington, even as President Trump seeks China’s help on other issues.
The American, who won gold when the sport debuted at the 2014 Games, was joined on the podium by his countryman Alex Ferreira. Nico Porteous of New Zealand took bronze.
Why is it far easier to build a bot than to kill one on most social media platforms?
What is the most unusual food you have ever eaten?
We’ve compiled free, low-cost, reversible and take-it-with-you changes renters can make in their homes to save on their heating bills.
Many Olympic spectators, particularly those from Japan and South Korea, have been waving the national flags of other competitors at figure skating events.
Senator Rubio and a spokeswoman for the N.R.A. were repeatedly heckled at a nationally televised forum after they refused to back new measures.
Zhouqin Burnikel gets us all turned around.
NRATV, the organization’s online video channel, has become a little-noticed but vital forum for the dissemination of some of the most strident pro-gun messaging in politics.
A terrific revival of this master playwright’s double bill of “Homelife” and “The Zoo Story” proves that there was nowhere he would not go.
Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson scored the winning goal in a shootout to give the United States a 3-2 victory against Canada, the four-time defending Olympic champion.
The enablers of President Bashar al-Assad deserve scorn in light of this week’s slaughter in Ghouta.
Administration officials say that Ivanka Trump could smooth some of the tensions that flared during the vice president’s visit, even if they insist that is not the purpose of her trip.
Donald Trump: Finally, some good news for James Buchanan.
More than 200 people have been killed during an intense bombardment in eastern Ghouta, and underground shelters are filling up with fleeing residents.
Fifteen years after a college student was found shot five times in a quiet Brooklyn neighborhood, the circumstances of his death remain muddled. And a man convicted in the killing remains in limbo.
A new candidate was needed after the White House withdrew its previous nominee, who had drawn criticism for calling carbon dioxide the “gas of life.”
The user who posted the video, “mike m.,” stands by his baseless theory that a student at the school is really an actor. And he says he’s “not going to stop.”
Getting a little help consoling a cranky 2-year-old
They seemed not to believe that they would be allowed to strive for partisan balance in addressing Republican gerrymandering. 
The carmaker declined to elaborate on what led to the departure of Raj Nair, who had been with the company for three decades and had led its North American operations since June.
What do America’s mass shootings have in common? Guns, yes. But also, boys.
Election officials have insisted that machines can’t be remotely compromised because they’re not “connected to the internet.” But security experts point out crucial ways in which they are.
People with invasive pneumococcal disease were 62 percent more likely to be using opioids.
The more often people worked nights, the more likely they were to have Type 2 diabetes.
The Facebook co-founder’s rise was meteoric. He argues that the same forces that helped him succeed have made it harder for others. In a new book, “Fair Shot,” he proposes a bold solution.
Astronomers rarely see the beginnings of these explosions, but an Argentine amateur’s lucky picture helped them study the start of a massive star’s violent death.
A week after a shooting killed 17 at their high school, students were lobbying state lawmakers to strengthen gun control, and meeting with resistance.
How Natasha Singer, a tech reporter at The Times, uses tech when she chronicles the industry’s effect on education, privacy and our health.
An afternoon listening session in the State Dining Room included those affected by school shootings in Parkland, Fla.; Littleton, Colo.; and Newtown, Conn.
The aide, Shlomo Filber, could support the most damning charge of favors to an Israeli communications giant in exchange for fawning news coverage.
It can be tempting to hook up everything you love to the internet. But take a moment to appreciate some of the objects that can remain unplugged.
Our film critic rewatched key films by the auteur to see if they held up in the #MeToo moment. He came to surprising conclusions.
Until recently, the housing market in France was sluggish, but now it’s starting to pick up, especially in popular areas like Provence.
Wednesday: Eso Won Books preserves its identity decades after opening, a state gun law stands, and cold weather sends a chill through the state.
A Tudor-style house in Providence, a condominium in a renovated church in Denver and a 1930 Spanish colonial in Tucson.
A new study could help make the case for treating flamingos as Florida natives, which could entitle them to certain protections in the state.
Mr. Graham spread the Gospel around the world through a combination of religious conviction, commanding stage presence and shrewd use of advanced communication technologies.
In this lesson, students learn more about the immigrants affected, evaluate the policy proposals and explore ways to get their voices heard.
Maribel Vinson, a three-time Olympian and renowned coach, had another distinction that is almost forgotten: She was the first female sportswriter at The New York Times.
Wednesday: Fading advertisements, record temperatures expected, and the murder of Malcolm X.
Broadly defined, sexual harassment is surprisingly pervasive, a new survey finds, and men are targets, too.
Stress weakens the brain’s ability to learn and retain information, but exercise may counteract those effects by bolstering communication between brain cells.
I waited to draw up a social media contract for my 9-year-old until I could see where the trouble spots were. I found them fast.
The Russian email hacking mattered. Their troll army is a phantom menace.
The novel that rocked your world when you were 15 may leave you baffled and disinterested 30 years later.
“It’s peak snow crab season right now,” the noted chef David Chang said. “I don’t know if people understand.” Our correspondent knew that, and much more.
Kikkan Randall and Jessie Diggins won gold in the women’s team sprint freestyle, the first U.S. medal in cross country since 1976.
President Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, whose relationship got off to a rough start a year ago, will meet at the White House with much to discuss.
Next to Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android, Amazon’s voice assistant may be turning into the third great consumer computing platform of our era.
Hotels, shops, bars, restaurants — dogs are welcomed warmly just about everywhere. For Pip (a.k.a. Pierre), the prancing was never better.
From “Lady Bird” to “Three Tall Women” to a revival of “Roseanne,” the 62-year-old actress is finally showing off the extent of her range.
The affordability and accessibility of this small Westchester village have attracted a diverse population — and some have been there for generations.
The Border Patrol is aggressively using a little-known authority to set up checkpoints and search private property to crack down on illegal immigration.
New research suggests that for the economy to become more productive, demand matters.
The theater that will house the play has been rebuilt in the hope that it will run for many, many years. So why is J.K. Rowling worried?
A national effort is underway to arm and train school staff members, but a former assistant principal who survived an attack believes it’s misguided.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on reaping the benefits of nepotism and confronting an abusive man on the subway.
Their hopes for a détente with Mr. Trump, who effectively staged a hostile takeover of a party he joined only in 2012, reflect the realization that rank-and-file Republicans have come to embrace the president.
The Players’ Tribune, a pet project of Derek Jeter’s, allows the stars to tell their own stories. It’s occasionally great — but is it journalism?
The cinematographer for “Mudbound” and “Black Panther” on the male-dominated profession.
In your opinion, does it improve or worsen romantic interactions? How so?
What is the Church of England asking people to do to reduce plastic waste?
What story could this image tell?
The European Union has bestowed huge sums on Poland, but the country has fomented discord over identity, solidarity and, perhaps most important, the rule of law.
Electoral campaign slogans warn against the migrants’ “invasion,” but Italy’s social fabric has already changed.
Ori Brian and Zach Spitz mail this one in, but in a good way.
Ms. O’Connell delivers a heartbreaking performance as an older woman struggling with dementia in this drama infused with Southern Gothic horror.
A political neophyte discovers the ethical nightmare of governance — lobbyists and donors and super PACs, oh my! — in Sarah Burgess’s new play.
Jared Kushner, frustrated about the issue and concerned that Mr. Kelly has targeted him personally with the directive, has told colleagues that he is reluctant to give up his high-level access.
Students fed up with gun violence hopped a bus to Tallahassee, Fla., and planned protests from coast to coast. Whether their activism would amount to anything was far from clear.
A graduate of Stoneman Douglas High School has been close to four mass shootings in Florida. She wants last week’s to be the last.
Maybe sensible teenagers, sickened by the terror they must live with at school, can at last compel their senseless elders to act.
“I understand that they could meet with us, patronize us and do nothing in the end,” their lawyer says.
The agency plans to publish a new regulation Tuesday that would restrict the kinds of scientific studies the agency can use when it develops policies.
What’s it like to eat at the second incarnation of the rule-defying Copenhagen restaurant? Our critic explains it all for you.
President Trump welcomed President Emmanuel Macron of France to the White House on Tuesday for the first state visit since taking office.
Alek Minassian, 25, a resident of Toronto’s Richmond Hill suburb, careened the white rental van onto a sidewalk, killing at least 10 people.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is examining multiple claims against President Trump’s nominee to head the Veterans Affairs Department.
Tuesday: Rent control appears headed to the ballot, Quentin Tarantino promotes a new film about Hollywood and could U.S.C.’s Sam Darnold be the No. 1 pick?
A new study suggests that the white, Christian and male voters who supported Donald J. Trump were driven by concerns over losing their privilege.
What can you do when you want your child to be born in your home state? A Times Texpatriate explains.
Are you encouraged to question and articulate your “queer devotions, frustrations, little triumphs, and large peculiarities”? Why or why not?
People often overestimate the time required to commute actively.
Tuesday: Revisiting the New York World’s Fair, exploring what’s at stake in the 2020 census, and giving a whale a bath.
For a pair of designers in Brooklyn, getting a place in East Hampton just before the birth of their son was out of the question. They did it anyway.
After 11 months as chief, Jim Hackett has yet to satisfy those looking for a clear articulation of a strategy. But big moves could be in the offing.
The 2012 G.O.P. presidential nominee, running for an open Senate seat, faced conservatives who disliked his ideological swerving, and a fear among hard-right activists that they were losing power.
Every bit of news sparks tidy cycles of backlash and anti-backlash — the sound of people who can’t sort out who’s actually winning the argument.
Juan Carlos Cruz was sexually abused by one of Chile’s most prominent priests. This week he is staying at the Vatican in an extended visit with Pope Francis.
It’s a city friendly to the creative crowd, with ample and affordable space and a share of solitude.
Gun owners who favor increased restrictions can be an overlooked group. Some have grown more vocal, marching and testifying in favor of limits.
Two new books, “The Space Barons” and “Rocket Billionaires,” tell the story of the entrepreneurial push to leave Earth.
The 39th president of the United States on international relations and life after cancer.
In inquiries on Benghazi and Russia and beyond, the California congressman has displayed a deep mistrust of the expert consensus on reality — a disposition that has helped him make friends in the current White House.
A decision by the state’s Supreme Court barring church use of county grants for historic preservation could have national ramifications.
Are you a procrastinator, a pre-crastinator (someone who starts a task early and finishes it as soon as possible) or something in between?
This word has appeared in two articles on nytimes.com in the past year.
Before my illness, I was a healthy 22-year-old. But, my doctors speculated, I must have eaten some leafy greens contaminated by E. coli bacteria.
Branded “idiots,” residents of Grimsby, England, choose romance for a dying fishing industry over another that is thriving.
Peter Gordon takes on a metaphysical poet.
The late Queen of Disco and pioneer of electronic dance music gets the Broadway jukebox treatment.
Women still earn far less for every dollar that men earn, but two professors say their research shows no significant difference at the chief executive level.
Officials took the Nashville shooting suspect’s guns after a run-in at the White House last year. But his father gave the guns back.
The travel ban case is the first major legal challenge to the president’s authority that the justices have heard.
Activist women are transforming the state’s politics.
Those who care about vulnerable minorities need to reckon with the economic inequality that leads so many people to vote for authoritarians.
The Waffle House shooting is a painful reminder of Tennessee’s failure to protect its own citizens from mass murderers with guns.
Why Republicans ended up at war with America’s schoolteachers.
Minutes before a committee vote, Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, bowed to pressure and backed the confirmation of Mike Pompeo to be secretary of state.
Buying a cup of coffee leads to a memory of history learned in grade school.
The M.T.A. released a turnaround plan for the failing bus system with a redesign and all-door boarding.
As Melania Trump oversees preparations to welcome President Emmanuel Macron of France, her advice to her staff before the high-profile event is not to worry.
National Democrats were shocked in 2016 when a Republican presidential nominee carried Wisconsin for the first time since 1984. Now both parties see a key Senate race as a crucial test before 2020.
The meeting of the two leaders exemplifies a world less constrained by the guardrails of international norms, in which virtually anything can happen.
More than a dozen other people were injured in what was one of the worst mass killings in the modern history of Canada. The police said the driver was in custody.
Indigenous people are asking why Pope Francis will not be apologizing anytime soon for abuses at Catholic-run boarding schools in Canada.
As he arrives for the first state visit of Mr. Trump’s administration, Mr. Macron, the French president, hopes to persuade the American leader not to scrap the agreement with Tehran.
A little-publicized amendment in the new tax law shows the growing political clout of American spirits producers, particularly the smaller ones.
The Russo brothers pushed to bring the Avengers series to a close — in a two-part extravaganza beginning with “Infinity War” — and Marvel listened.
A young soldier whose genitals were destroyed underwent extensive reconstructive surgery that doctors hope to offer to others who were wounded at war.
A look at one of the entries that stumped crossword solvers last week.
The restaurant chain Mo’ Bettahs has found success appealing to Utah’s dominant religious group: Mormons, who have long had ties to Polynesia.
The sociologist Manuel Pastor explores the rise, fall and rise again of America’s most populous state.
Coursing through pop culture, this attitude puts the onus on women to improve their self-esteem instead of criticizing societal beauty standards.
The police said Monday that they had arrested Travis J. Reinking, who has been accused of killing four people at a restaurant early Sunday.
Monday: outrage in Ventura after a stabbing, the author Junot Díaz thrills L.A. and a look at the climate records of Gov. Jerry Brown’s would-be successors.
James Shaw Jr. grabbed an AR-15 from a shooter’s hands early on Sunday, most likely stopping further bloodshed at a Waffle House outside Nashville.
In an interview, the schools chief talked about where he differs from Mayor de Blasio, his commitment to desegregation and his vision for the system.
Monday: How a handful of races could change New York politics, the Supreme Court vs. Martin Luther King Jr., and a celebration of language.
“People don’t truly understand what A.D.H.D. is and why a kid who’s bright can’t just grit his teeth and get it done,” a child psychiatrist says.
In the decades since the first genetically modified foods reached the market, no adverse health effects among consumers have been found.
It’s a wrap for “Nashville,” but the city is still deciding what to be.
The makers of the HBO series have produced a powerful work of philosophy.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
When it comes to studying the genetics of the brain, Soo-Kyung Lee is a star, yet she was stunned to discover the cause of her daughter’s devastating disabilities.
A coffee table doesn’t have to be a static object in the center of the living room — with multiple surfaces, it can add function and enliven a space.
Little has changed on the Scottish island of Islay since its iconic whisky distilleries were profiled in Alfred Barnard’s famously detailed Victorian era book.
Subway officials hope ultra-wideband radio will help modernize the signal system, but the technology has not been used on a major transit system.
A judge’s ruling on warning labels for coffee isn’t backed by evidence and could do more harm than good. 
The third child of Catherine and Prince William was born Monday morning, weighing 8 pounds, 7 ounces.
Barack Obama does not plan to take on President Trump directly, but an adviser said the former president would not shrink from confronting the divisive issues around his successor.
Despite the high stakes and bright lights, the nation’s statehouse impeachment bar is but a handful of battle-tested lawyers. The next test may be in Missouri.
Andrea Barone nearly quit his job as a minor league hockey referee after years of hearing coaches and players use anti-gay language during games.
What is the best way to respond to societal pressure to look outwardly happy and friendly?
Europe is outsourcing border management to distant countries, hoping to stop migrants before they cross the Mediterranean. But there may be a high moral cost.
For decades, loudspeakers have blared demoralizing messages and pop songs across the Demilitarized Zone, beckoning North Korean troops to defect.
Taylor makes an unexpected connection. Axe, meanwhile, connects the dots.
HBO’s sweeping sci-fi western is back, and the hosts are in open, bloody revolt. How will they manage the practical and moral repercussions?
J.K. Rowling’s ever-popular boy wizard is all grown up in this enthralling two-part play, directed with seamless magic by John Tiffany.
A French verse craze inspired a 1738 farce and now a comedy in couplets by David Ives.
Even as private employers have rebounded from the recession, the public sector’s ranks have withered, and pay and benefits have lagged.
To end the worst stagnation in living standards since the Great Depression, the country needs to be bold.
The president demands gratitude. He’s made “thank you” divisive.
The Russia investigation has uncovered shady practices in the interlinked worlds of banking, law and lobbying that have long flourished in the dark.
America has only ever impeached two presidents, but both remained in office.
Black students, not whites, made the events of that spring so important.
Muhammad Ayoub, 14, was said to have sneaked away from his mother to join the protests along the Gaza border before being shot dead.
Lynn Lempel leads off our solving week.
A broken lamp goes out with the trash.
How did two Democrats, whose politics and goals often mesh, allow their onetime friendship to deteriorate to the point of pure contempt?
Chinese brokers send goods around the world to disguise their origin and escape penalties. Tougher trade rules may end up only helping them.
A finger exercise on tariffs, Trump style
Beijing fears that a grand deal with the North’s longtime enemies could diminish its influence over Pyongyang, experts said.
Remarks from yesterday’s memorial service.
A column on J. Marion Sims drew impassioned responses from readers, several arguing that the doctor has been needlessly vilified by modern observers.
The West Hants Club no longer has “tennis” in its title. But the modern era of open tennis tournaments would not have gotten started without it.
Ross Trudeau’s puzzle goes quid pro quo.
Under siege by the president’s allies in the House, Mr. Rosenstein has acceded to some demands. But his allies worry that may expose the Justice Department to political meddling.
History supplies precedents and lessons for the opioid epidemic raging in America today — but we seem to have largely forgotten both.
Forget Stormy Daniels. The business records subpoenaed by Robert Mueller might be Donald Trump’s greatest legal headache.
The United States is losing its influence as its relative power erodes. How should it manage the transition without destabilizing everyone else?
A convict in West Virginia, bondage in Missouri and a wacky contest for control of the chamber.
The federal government may ignore the environment, but we can’t afford to.
With the blunt and plain-spoken and often funny Barbara Bush, you always knew where you stood.
White people who see black people through racism’s lens can often count on the police to share their outlook.
Mel Taub is back with some head-spinners.
The E.P.A. chief is under scrutiny for high spending and interactions with lobbyists. Many of the pitfalls he has encountered in Washington have echoes in his past.
Democratic leaders are intervening aggressively in California, where the state’s unusual voting system could undercut their chances in crowded congressional races.
False rumors set Buddhist against Muslim in Sri Lanka, the most recent in a global spate of violence fanned by social media.
What recourse do residents have if their neighbors decide to rent out their homes through sites like Airbnb and VRBO?
Daniel Nierenberg drops some science on us in this challenging debut.
Now, all the infants in the Senate aren’t elected.
Black New Yorkers are 12 times more likely to die from childbirth-related causes than white women. Health officials can do more to save lives.
If we can give our newspapers over to gun-toting maniacs for days on end, we can spare some attention for this.
Despite awful weather at the Boston Marathon, women seemed to hold up better than men.
Israel is a safeguard for Jews, not a vanity.
Scores of readers, not to mention a few colleagues, contacted our standards desk urgently to point out what they believed was an embarrassing typo.
While performers who go from show to show embrace the identity, Actors’ Equity has decided that a ceremony celebrating them needs to be renamed.
Roger Stone says Mr. Trump has long treated Mr. Cohen, his lawyer and fixer, “like garbage.” Now he could end up cooperating in a criminal investigation against Mr. Trump.
New York-area audiences finally have a chance to see Angélica Liddell, a darling of European theaters, in “Esta Breve Tragedia” at Peak Performances.
The lawsuit accuses Mr. Trump’s associates of illegally working with Russian intelligence agents to interfere with the outcome of the 2016 election.
Pappardelle with fresh-from-the-market garlic shoots, peas and pancetta is a perfect expression of the season’s beginning.
Prosecutors recommended charging a New York police officer, but others question whether the case can be won. Mr. Garner’s gasps of “I can’t breathe” galvanized protesters.
Covering Hillary Clinton’s campaign from before it started to the very last moment.
The C.I.A. is making an unusually public push to ensure President Trump’s nominee for director, Gina Haspel, is confirmed.
Each bite of this cake contains a burst of tangy grapefruit.
The Bjarke Ingels Group has designed towers near the High Line that twist as they rise to maximize views of the city and Hudson River.
The fines against the bank settle investigations into its lending practices. They are the biggest bank penalties imposed under the Trump administration.
No one can say exactly why there has not been a murder in a precinct where violence has been too common, and no one knows how long the peace will last.
Friday: A new Sabbath tradition, outrage over a police killing in a Walmart parking lot, the enigma of Senator Kamala Harris and the NorCal origins of the 4/20 code.
When a woman becomes ill, one of her first thoughts is to bequeath her rent-stabilized apartment to a good friend who needs it.
For a show that celebrates the power and glory of artifice, “RuPaul’s Drag Race” is tackling some gritty realities.
It’s not always easy to tell if you have heart disease or have had a heart attack.
Friday: A look inside a changing New York institution, weekend events, and Earth Day.
You were establishing roots for a suburban life I would never be able to provide.
The former F.B.I. director was interviewed for “The Daily” podcast. Here are five takeaways from the conversation.
If New York’s left can keep Andrew Cuomo from striding onto the national stage posing as a progressive, we can send the party a message it needs to hear.
Campus free speech is threatened on the left as well as the right.
Israel has the right to defend its borders, but not to use lethal force against unarmed protesters.
In her new book, “Fascism: A Warning,” the former secretary of state finds the seeds of authoritarian rule in social, political and economic chaos.
The announcement by Kim Jong-un came less than a week before he meets with the president of South Korea.
How four families who outgrew their homes made the decision to stay put and make do, or move out and trade up.
Anger at the outsize role played by wealth has ignited a surge in the number of people who identify openly as socialists, even in red states.
Powerful conservative lawmakers have begun publicly questioning the E.P.A. chief and insisting on explanations of his travel and security spending.
The isolated North is finding ways to cope with tough new penalties. Is the economic pressure enough to get Kim Jong-un to give up his weapons?
With the help of devoted customers, Ram Badan Singh is still selling papers on the same Upper West Side corner where he began 36 years ago.
Karen McDougal, a former Playboy model, was just freed from a nondisclosure agreement surrounding her alleged relationship with President Trump. Colbert is wary.
Some runners use marijuana to provide a mental or physical boost.
What story could this image tell?
Are there different rules for what boys and girls can wear in your school’s dress code? If so, what are they? How do you feel about them?
The memos written by the former F.B.I. director James B. Comey paint a revealing portrait of his interactions with President Trump.
Who is Tammie Jo Shults?
The I.O.C. wants Russia back. The World Anti-Doping Agency and track and field’s governing body want the country to admit to state-sponsored doping.
Al has been stagnating on all fronts, but this week he got a wake-up call.
Joel Fagliano is someone we can count on.
The memos, which had been redacted, detail phone calls and encounters between President Trump and James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director.
Lauren Ambrose stars as a newly empowered flower girl in a gorgeous revival that transforms the classic musical into an ur-text for the #MeToo moment.
With a man in the White House who helped set off a new women’s movement, the Equal Rights Amendment has a chance of being ratified.
Why has Trump’s tax cut been such a political fizzle?
From poison to cyberattacks, Moscow has violated countless norms of warfare and sovereignty.
Going on a creative writing assignment, and bringing dinner home.
Yoselyn Ortega’s relatives lied about her experience to get her a job caring for the children she later killed. Some think that should be a crime.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor and longtime Trump loyalist, will be part of a legal stable as the president faces the Russia investigation.
Tapper’s debut novel, “The Hellfire Club,” a historical thriller set in 1950s Washington, has some unsettling parallels to today’s political climate.
Even when ‘Scandal’ veered into the absurd, I never gave up on its heroine.
Is fashion art? Invite your students to discuss this question after watching this six-minute documentary.
Two federal regulators are expected to penalize the bank for its alleged misconduct, people familiar with the action said.
Accused of defrauding the Postal Service by doping while under its sponsorship, Armstrong averted a trial next month by agreeing to the settlement.
An outbreak of infections linked to bagged romaine lettuce has left salad lovers confused. Here are answers to common questions about leafy greens.
The Justice Department inspector general concluded in a scathing report that Andrew McCabe, the fired F.B.I. official, lacked candor when answering investigators’ questions.
If immunotherapy worked most of the time, this would be an unambiguously happy story. But it doesn’t.
The tiny storefront lists a single entree on its menu — Taiwanese beef noodle soup — a taste of home for some, and a ticket elsewhere for others.
The autism researcher collaborated with the Third Reich and actively assisted in the killing of disabled children, a new report says.
The Bajau, who spend most of their time on the ocean, are among the best divers in the world. Evolution is remaking them, a new study finds.
For the TriBeCa bistro from the duo who made Minetta Tavern popular, unfamiliar names on the wine list are nothing to fear.
Donte Robinson and Rashon Nelson, both 23, spoke out about their ordeal in interviews, days after their arrests in Philadelphia led to protests.
While the “Me Too” movement has largely focused on adults, sexual harassment can leave deep and lasting scars on children and teens too.
With the prize Faraday Okoro won at the Tribeca Film Festival came enormous pressure. But he was able to finish his project, “Nigerian Prince.”
A combination of lower rents and landlord concessions drove down what renters have been paying during the last four months.
Most expect Cuba’s new president to be a leader of continuity after Raúl Castro. But he also has to figure out how to resuscitate Cuba’s economy.
As officials gather for the I.M.F. and World Bank convene in Washington, worries about trade and debt are building
This week’s properties are three-bedroom homes in Northport, N.Y., and North Arlington, N.J.
Thursday: Governor Brown orders troops to the border, Qualcomm starts to slim down and a grim look at the Bay Area should the Big One hit.
North Korea’s leader will no longer demand that American troops leave South Korea, the South’s president said, but American officials dismissed the idea that it was a capitulation.
How safe are San Francisco’s skyscrapers?
Is there too much testing at your school? Why or why not?
Have you ever experienced or witnessed a moment of racial bias? If so, what was that like for you?
Thursday: A conversation with Phillip Eng, wet weather, and what to see at the Tribeca Film Festival.
One’s the U.S. poet laureate. The other is the National Ambassador for Young People’s Literature. Can they bring literature to the masses?
While conversations rarely penetrate the bell jar of my self-containment, inventive forms of caregiving do.
Allies on Election Day, the two wings of the Democratic Party are growing further estranged in other aspects of their lives.
Mr. Washington, next in “The Iceman Cometh” on Broadway, and Mr. Jordan, the “Black Panther” star, discuss their idols, black superheroes and #MeToo.
The sprawling Nevada wilderness spared by the Trump administration offers desert vistas, petroglyphs and the celebrated “City” sculpture. Getting there really is part of the fun.
Would your relationship stand up to the scrutiny of the American government? Take the test.
For decades, marriage to a United States citizen has been a virtual guarantee of legal residency. It isn’t anymore under the Trump administration.
In the Portuguese capital, a weekend’s worth of seafood feasts, chic rooftop bars, undulating streets and landmarks, both Old World and futuristic. 
After hiding behind an alter ego for years, the pop star is ready to step into a more authentic self with ‘Dirty Computer.’
Though congestion pricing failed, it has focused attention on the hefty bridge tolls outside Manhattan, where public transit options are limited.
A huge heat wave killed 30 percent of the reef’s coral in 2016, and continuously high temperatures are preventing its recovery.
Forgive me if I don’t rise in applause simply because Comey’s revelations are agitating Trump.
The budget numbers of the past four decades reveal a clear pattern. But many journalists and experts are afraid to acknowledge it.
Jason Grote and Marisa Michelson’s new musical, set in modern-day New York, deconstructs the Middle Eastern folk tales of “One Thousand and One Nights.”
Researchers are studying a promising drug that could block the delivery of opioids from blood to brain, giving addicts a path to recovery.
David Woolf brings his puzzle into focus.
She couldn’t imagine why someone would bring a dog to the chiropractor.
A fight is brewing in Kansas City over whether choosing a boulevard on the mainly black East Side to name for Martin Luther King Jr. would honor his legacy or reinforce the segregation he fought.
The strikes were calibrated to keep the West from being dragged further into war. That left President Bashar al-Assad in power and Syria in its painful status quo.
Iran’s elite Quds Force is trying to use Syria as a base to pressure Israel. Israel is not going to stand for it.
ABC News interviewed James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director, as he uses a publicity blitz for his memoir to raise alarms about Mr. Trump.
Mrs. Bush, 92, the popular wife and mother of presidents, “will instead focus on comfort care,” according to a statement.
Nikki Haley, the ambassador to the United Nations, said Russian companies that have supported Syria’s chemical weapons would be targeted on Monday.
President Trump on Sunday delivered a series of scathing tweets ahead of the former F.B.I. director James Comey’s appearance on ABC News.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Amber Khan read tarot for decades but really found an audience when she started a YouTube channel, the Quietest Revolution.
I hope Alex Bajcz got this puzzle framed and hung on his wall, because it’s a bang-up job.
The social network has helped many parents of kids with special needs feel less alone.
A new generation of female politicians campaign on the raw realities — and credentials — of motherhood.
Soldiers aren’t sacred. And civilians are not the enemy.
This isn’t sloth. It isn’t exhaustion. It’s finally being aware of existing for its own purpose.
Neither a visionary nor a fanatic, the speaker simply followed his party too faithfully for too long.
Predatory lending and discriminatory federal housing policy have denied African Americans the chance to reap the rewards of homeownership.
It takes much more than a MacArthur Fellowship to justify the label.
William Friedkin revisits his old haunts for his new documentary about exorcism.
Governments are struggling as mounting pension obligations crowd out the rest of their budgets. Oregon faces a severe, self-inflicted crisis.
An alliance of law firms, marketers, finance companies and doctors makes money by coaxing women to have their mesh implants removed.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon shimmer in the sunshine.
The strike on chemical arms sites reflected President Trump’s competing impulses: an effort to demonstrate strength countered by a view that involvement in the Middle East since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, has been a waste.
What can be done to shoo away birds that roost on a reader’s window ledge?
Warplanes and ships from the United States, Britain and France launched more than 100 missiles at three chemical weapons storage and research facilities near Damascus and Homs, officials said.
As of this month, the big credit card companies are dropping the requirement for signatures, the beginning of the end for signing your name.
Sam Ezersky’s puzzle puts words in our mouths.
The G.O.P. owed America an alternative vision to Trumpism, and failed to deliver.
The strikes sought to punish the Syrian government after what Western officials said was a deadly chemical attack in a Damascus suburb that had been held by rebels.
It’s now a classic, with a splashy revival about to open on Broadway. But in 1956, a nervous leading man and technical troubles meant the show almost didn’t go on.
An exhibit featuring more than 440 images from the Library of Congress’ photographic archives is featured at the Annenberg Space for Photography in Los Angeles.
The official, Elliott Broidy, quit amid news of a deal he struck with a woman who became pregnant during an affair. The payout was arranged by President Trump’s lawyer Michael D. Cohen.
The Working Families Party may endorse Cynthia Nixon’s bid to unseat Gov. Andrew Cuomo, spurring the governor’s labor allies into action.
Having left the family estate, Mr. Ponsot hopes to build a futuristic, interactive center dedicated to Burgundy, as well as make a little wine.
At Mike Pompeo’s confirmation hearing, he set a tone of forceful diplomacy, saying he would take a tough line against Russia and push to improve the Iran nuclear deal.
Ms. Shore was a critic, confidante and caretaker for comics like Richard Pryor, Robin Williams, George Carlin, Sandra Bernhard and Jim Carrey.
The second American outpost of this Japanese export features larger-than-life onigiri, filled with ingredients traditional and bold.
The Senate on Thursday confirmed the Environmental Protection Agency’s second-in-command, Andrew Wheeler, a former coal lobbyist who shares the deregulatory zeal of Scott Pruitt, the agency chief.
Mr. Cenac, an alumnus of “The Daily Show,” discusses his new late-night series, which has a laid-back energy and a regular focus on police reform.
Our 52 Places Traveler answers readers’ questions about the journey so far and traveling alone, as a woman.
The hourly wages that properties in the country’s hottest markets would have “earned” last year if they punched the clock.
The scandal over how Facebook let a consulting firm gain access to user information is ushering in a new era for privacy experts, whose warnings about online privacy have long gone unheeded.
This week’s properties are in Morningside Heights, the West Village and Brooklyn Heights.
Brush up on your knowledge of creatures that can be frequently spotted in The New York Times Crossword.
Thursday: The state treasurer on how he would balance priorities if elected governor, Kevin McCarthy could run for House speaker, and L.A. moves forward with an LAX train.
Grace Jones has always been an iconoclast. But this documentary restores her humanity.
Trump’s Syria policy: an impulse wrapped in indifference inside an incoherence.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis demanded evidence of the Syrian government’s role in a suspected chemical attack to justify military action — and mute Russian criticism.
Bodybuilders are turning to a popular new pill to get bigger and stronger, but the chemicals are still undergoing testing and could cause serious harm.
Thursday: Reflections on Holocaust Remembrance Day, “After Auschwitz” and Franklin D. Roosevelt’s local legacy.
Robert Mueller is not safe. Our democracy is not safe.
His contentious views on immigration and integration have their roots in the ethnic and racial transformation of his home borough.
Legislation to end forced arbitration agreements is sitting in Congress, awaiting a vote. It’s something everyone should get behind.
Once again, the museum has ignored the droves of qualified women in the field.
The liberal federal appeals court judge Stephen Reinhardt, who died last month, was defiant in his resistance but hopeful for the future.
Instagram has become the new place for anglers to document every whopper, swap stories about secret fishing holes and, well, brag.
As “Scandal” heads toward its finale, Shonda Rhimes, the show’s creator, and three of its stars discuss its craziest twists, its nuanced handling of racial issues and its legacy.
After decades of living in New York City, discovering the many charms of a Manhattan neighborhood.
After relocating last year, Lindsey Olson found paying rent in Brooklyn “insane.”
Unrest around education appears to be symptomatic of broader unease about years of budget cuts that have followed tax cuts.
The speaker’s departure was no surprise, but the timing of it could create problems for the Republicans left behind.
On lush Vancouver Island, this urban jewel offers innovative restaurants, gorgeous parks and gardens, and museums that celebrate the area’s many cultures. 
What are the lives like now for the students who were abducted in 2014?
Citlali Fabian’s collaborative portraits of Oaxacan women and girls are both intimate and universal.
What trends from the past would you like to see revived?
Treat yourself!
If you had to choose a time to be born and you didn’t know who you’d be or where you’d be, what time would you choose? Why?
Compared with “definite morning” types, “definite evening” types had a 10 percent increased risk of dying over a six-and-a-half-year study period.
For the third week in a row, “The Americans” hosted a meeting of the Soviet culture appreciation society.
In the 1930s, the couple began surveying and recording the country’s overlooked ancient buildings, in an effort to begin preserving them.
Jules Markey watches us solve his crossword puzzle.
The first Broadway revival of Mark Medoff’s 1980 play shows that it was ahead of its time about deafness, but not about gender.
A federal inquiry is examining the relationship between a tabloid company, President Trump and his lawyer Michael D. Cohen, whose office was raided by the F.B.I.
Career diplomats have greeted the nomination of Mike Pompeo as the next secretary of state as a harbinger of new life for the department.
Trump should consider how the United States exports its own deadly products.
“Foolish consistency” may be the hobgoblin of little minds, but the president’s back flips on foreign policy have left officials more bewildered than usual.
For his entire career, Paul Ryan has been the wunderkind who couldn’t deliver.
An attack on a Damascus suburb has drawn the threat of a retaliatory missile strike from President Trump. What really happened there?
An environmental group says it will spend millions to launch a satellite that could help fight climate change by identifying methane leaks with pinpoint accuracy.
How the departing House speaker handles President Trump will define his legacy. It’s not too late for him to step up.
This is about America being a nation of citizens equal before the law.
The biggest obstacle to regulating Facebook is not Congress’s lack of digital expertise. It’s a lack of political will.
First produced in 2011, this coming-of-age story about a pregnant teenager lands uncomfortably in the wake of #MeToo.
Alongside one health care market, a parallel one, with fewer rules.
The ramifications of the latest U.S. measures will be widespread, isolating some Russian companies from Western markets and leaving others with damaging uncertainty.
Hindu nationalists are rallying to the defense of men accused in the death of a young girl. They say the police can’t be trusted because some are Muslim.
The chef Einat Admony and her husband cited rising costs and competition as reasons for closing the NoLIta restaurant, which serves Israeli-influenced food.
Doors salvaged from the once elegantly shabby hotel where Iggy Pop and Bette Davis shared a room (not at the same time) are to be auctioned on Thursday.
The squatters’ camp began as a demonstration, but it became the center of a utopian experiment that challenged the government of President Emmanuel Macron.
A five-bedroom condominium in Brooklyn, a neoclassical revival home in Orlando and a renovated midcentury-modern house in Boulder.
Sales in the inland district of Cayo have increased in recent years, especially for riverfront properties.
Wednesday: Mark Zuckerberg testifies before Congress, the Sacramento police chief vows change, and the state sees lower-than-expected marijuana sales.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan took the helm to heal a fractured Republican Party. He will leave in January with fault lines still visible, this time drawn by President Trump.
Mr. Ryan’s retirement could make it easier for Democrats to win control of the House, Republicans say. The speaker had raised more than $54 million for the 2018 elections.
The warrant also sought evidence of whether the lawyer, Michael D. Cohen, tried to suppress damaging information on the president before the election.
The report accused the former official, Andrew G. McCabe, of repeatedly misleading investigators. Mr. McCabe was fired in March hours before he was eligible for a full pension.
The action by the president, who also considers himself the target of an unfair prosecution, was a dramatic coda to a politically charged case that came to embody the divisions over the Iraq war.
Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, who will soon take over the newspaper, dropped a bombshell to employees on Friday: He is moving the offices to El Segundo.
In this take on banh mi, miniature pan-fried crab cakes stand in for the traditional pâté, thinly sliced ham and roasted pork.
Because older people are so often excluded from medical studies, little is known about how best to treat them. Geriatricians often must rely on guesswork.
The accusation came during a vitriolic exchange at the United Nations Security Council between the United States and Russia over the 7-year-old war.
Lemon olive oil ice cream, made with winter citrus, is a reminder of warmer times even as a chill hangs in the air.
Using loggerhead genetics, researchers traced the routes of turtles that return decades after birth to nest near their original homes.
Contrary to what Roseanne told Dan, maybe we’re not all caught up, says network sitcom writer Kelvin Yu.
Ruth Rogers of River Café in London finds peace in a spinach and taleggio risotto.
As the population ages and more people lose some or all of their sight, there are some quick fixes that can help them stay in their homes safely.
For people who own second homes, keeping a property safe when they are away can mean installing a smart home system or hiring a monitoring service.
President Trump, who fired James B. Comey as his F.B.I. director, took to Twitter on Friday morning to disparage him as a leaker and liar.
Friday: J. Grant Brittain’s images of the evolution of skateboarding, Jerry Brown’s border pledge, and the first Pony Express delivery in San Francisco.
As prosecutors revealed a monthslong fraud investigation of Michael D. Cohen, President Trump’s personal lawyer and fixer, Mr. Trump called Mr. Cohen on Friday to “check in.”
Oats, water, even sneakers may be advertised as “gluten-free.”
Friday: A theater festival for autistic children, your weekend lineup, and the perils of warm weather for pedestrians.
On the wedding day of Michelle Vestal and Bob J Kitcheon, Ms. Vestal had been clean from crack cocaine for 84 days. “I would never have done it if it wasn’t for him,” she said.
Thirty years after a couple’s contentious uncoupling, their grandchildren reconnected them through an accidental form of exposure therapy.
The party smells “blood in the water” and opportunity in the air.
I see the government is still taxing Warren Buffett at a lower rate than his secretary, despite his plea for fairness.
A madman’s manic certainties can overwhelm reason and outrage turn to a shrug. Then comes the fall.
A warning about fascism both abroad and at home.
On “The Daily Show,” Mr. Noah said that Congress handles Facebook “the way rich white people punish their kids.”
Urban transplants like the former Guggenheim director Thomas Krens think Berkshire County, Mass., has untapped potential. So do real estate developers.
The 1967 blaze at Cornell University killed 9, including members of a fast-track Ph.D. program. No one was ever charged, but an amateur investigator thinks he knows who set it.
A look at how a governor’s affair led to political upheaval and a legal battle in Missouri.
Sylvio Perlstein’s accumulations of avant-garde art from the past 50 years comes to Hauser & Wirth this month.
When Syria’s civil war began in 2011, the U.N. and others tallied the numbers killed in the conflict. Seven years on, an increasingly complex war means the count has stopped.
A look at tours and programs that address the impact travelers have on the communities they visit.
There’s an opening for online banks as traditional ones have been slow to lift deposit rates for savers even as interest rates have risen. 
In Alaska, car thefts are rising, and people are chasing crooks on their own. “Anybody can do this,” says Floyd Hall, who has become something of a legend in Anchorage.
The Hollywood Reporter published an investigation saying that Mr. Lee, 95, was the victim of elder abuse. We visited the Marvel Comics creator at his home. “Nobody has more freedom,” he said.
Do you think Facebook and other social media platforms should be regulated by the government? Or would doing so infringe First Amendment rights and discourage further innovation?
What do you predict will happen come the midterm elections in November, and why?
What story could this image tell?
This word has appeared in one article on nytimes.com in the past year.
Air pollution increases the number of lower respiratory infections, a leading cause of illness and death in children under 2.
When the world is coming to an end, why not throw a ball?
After last week’s detour into the macabre, the show returned to more familiar territory: the Atlanta party scene.
Joe Krozel is trying to hypnotize us.
Larry Kudlow, the president’s new top economic adviser, is trying to counsel a president resistant to advice as he seeks to influence policy.
Jack O’Brien and Justin Peck’s heartfelt, half-terrific revival of an American classic stars a wonderfully ambivalent Joshua Henry and Jessie Mueller.
The president’s action would wipe out the perjury and obstruction convictions of Mr. Libby, who was Vice President Dick Cheney’s chief of staff.
A memoir by James Comey, the former F.B.I. director, is the only firsthand account to emerge so far by a former Trump official, describing a president whose connection to honesty is tenuous at best.
At his confirmation hearing, the secretary of state nominee sounded less isolationist than Trump, but didn’t distance himself from some of his more disturbing views.
I was the oldest cheerleader in the N.F.L. Not once did I feel age-based discrimination. But I became well acquainted with gender-based discrimination.
The Justice Department can’t make cooperation with immigration authorities a condition of funding to local police departments, a federal judge ruled in Los Angeles.
The same forces that elevated Ryan brought us to a constitutional crisis.
Fundamental issues are suddenly up for debate, thanks to a burst of intellectual creativity.
Going spray happy before getting into the elevator at work.
In “A Higher Loyalty,” the former F.B.I. director doesn’t mince words in describing his interactions with President Trump: “This president is unethical, and untethered to truth.”
The head of Scott Pruitt’s protective detail is at the center of inquiries into excessive spending and possible violations of contracting rules.
New York City said pharmacies would sell naloxone without a prescription, but only a third of the 720 outlets on its list had the drug and knew the rules.
Some of the most powerful men in China have been seeking out experts to gain a better understanding of how to respond to President Trump’s combative trade agenda.
How is the landscape changing for boys and men — at home, school, out in the world — and within themselves?
The award winners were announced today at the World Press Photo Festival in Amsterdam.
“Female senators are like blue grosbeaks — not exactly rare birds but unusual enough to engender interest.”
Bills passed in Trenton set a goal of 50 percent renewables by 2030, one of the biggest policy steps by any state toward cutting greenhouse gases since President Trump was elected.
The first look at the past and say, “This matters.” The second say, “This matters to me.” We need both perspectives.
What commonalities exist between students in South Side Chicago and Parkland, Fla.?
The president said his advisers would look into rejoining a trade deal he withdrew from last year, as the White House tries to help farmers who will be hurt by its trade measures.
In a post-Ben Shewry dining scene, this modern Australian restaurant is putting customers before ego.
When Scott Pruitt, the Environmental Protection Agency head, decided to refashion the agency’s souvenir medallion, he proposed deleting the E.P.A. logo and adding symbols more reflective of himself. 
Court rulings around the nation have also reduced the effects of partisan gerrymandering, leaving the G.O.P. potentially more vulnerable to the effects of a wave election. 
With this troubled city’s schools making progress five years after a state takeover, the district’s chief, Paymon Rouhanifard, has decided to move on.
The fight over choice is happening in the states.
The 24-page report tells how Mr. Greitens, before he was governor, made unwanted sexual advances toward his former mistress. Mr. Greitens says he is the victim of a witch hunt.
Serious tips on making a favorite appetizer.
Using a tool that Facebook offers its users, our columnist found out more than he wanted to know about the social network, the ad industry and himself.
Each year, Casa Verdi is inundated with applications from artists who want to live their twilight years in a neo-Gothic mansion surrounded by instruments.
Mr. Trump’s early morning comments were remarkable in that he is, in some way, telegraphing the American response to a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria.
Cheerleaders are a regular presence on N.F.L. teams’ official social media accounts, but the teams exert restrictions on how individual cheerleaders use their own personal profiles.
Mice given free access to running wheels moved less after exercising, which may have implications for diets and weight loss in people.
In Part 1 of this Wordplay series, two New York Times constructors, Ben Tausig and Finn Vigeland, demystify the process of developing a theme set.
Wednesday: A forecast from our joints, Havana Film Festival, and an anniversary for civil rights.
It’s no small task for teenagers to detach from those who have superintended nearly every aspect of their lives so far.
Why I’m glad to see a gender-nonconforming character appear on the rebooted TV show.
Your name, written in your hand, is part of your identity.
Shouldn’t religious conservatives be rooting for impeachment?
There has been little accountability for such tragedies in the past in the insular nation where the military holds the balance of power.
Facebook tracks even nonusers as they surf the web, and House members grilled Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, about the practice during his second day of hearings.
Less than an hour’s commute from New York City, Syosset has a diverse population and a welcoming community that is “comfortable, down to earth.”
Mr. Zuckerberg testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee on his second and final day of congressional testimony over Facebook’s handling of user data.
Sensing a shift in the political winds, candidates in rural and red states, many of them pro-gun Democrats, are willing to break with the National Rifle Association.
The answer to the disparity in death rates has everything to do with the lived experience of being a black woman in America.
In “Saint Joan,” Condola Rashad tackles a classic role. But she’s interested in the woman, not the symbol.
“This is like the series finale of a TV show where they try to tie all the different plot lines together,” the “Late Night” host said.
Why do you think many people are more empathetic toward the suffering of animals than that of people?
While in Paris, photography became Brassai's main language as he wandered through bars, ballrooms and occasionally brothels, sometimes giving direction to his subjects.
How and why are so many exotic animals illegally brought to the United States to be sold as pets?
What smells remind you of home and why?
Keiran King makes his New York Times debut in a classic way.
Greg Keller’s two-character play encourages the audience to wonder: Just what’s up with that guy nearby?
A series of disclosures have revealed the unusual range of Michael D. Cohen’s portfolio, and a federal investigation poses a legal threat to him and possibly his client, the president.
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 provided powerful tools for ending segregation. We just have to use them.
Warmer oceans can bleach sea anemones, not just coral. The clown fish that rely on these stinging animals for shelter become very stressed out, scientists report.
The episode was the second time President Trump is now known to have considered taking steps to shut down the special counsel investigation.
Even a single mild concussion was tied to an increased risk of dementia.
Running into a sort of familiar face twice in one week.
Donald Trump has spent his whole career in the company of grifters, cons and crooks. Now that he’s president, that strategy isn’t working — for him or for the country.
In “Natural Causes,” Ehrenreich assails the American conflation of health with virtue and offers charming contrarian thoughts about the wellness movement.
In a new filing, federal prosecutors in Brooklyn offered the first detailed look at the evidence they plan to present against the Mexican drug lord.
The special counsel, avatar of justice, is revealing the depth of white-collar corruption before our eyes.
Jon Hamm plays a former diplomat who returns to Beirut to help rescue a C.I.A. spy in a thriller written by Tony Gilroy (“Bourne”).
Two of the ways the United States could respond to fresh reports of a chemical weapons attack would have little effect. The third could be disastrous.
A Pennsylvania manufacturer that relies on Chinese steel pipe has few alternative sources — and now its Chinese rival may gain an advantage.
Justice’s Antitrust Division is looking into the way colleges and universities use the early decision application process, possibly with an eye on collusion.
Major Food Group is about to open the Polynesian, with a bartender steeped in the Technicolor aesthetic.
The early-morning searches enraged the president, associates said, and he is said to be considering whether to fire Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general.
The president’s sense of persecution reaches dangerous heights after a raid on his lawyer’s office.
This childhood treat has stormed New York restaurant menus. Our critic isn’t having it.
The departure of Mr. Bossert coincided with the arrival of John R. Bolton as the president’s national security adviser.
The question of whether the benefit from viewing a da Vinci is different from enjoying a visit to Pornhub or McDonald’s is dividing psychologists and neuroscientists.
Marawi, devastated in fighting with militants last year, will be rebuilt by a Chinese-led consortium. We visited the city as residents sifted through the wreckage.
White House officials said the president wanted to stay in the United States to oversee the Syria response, but the cancellation also came a day after an F.B.I. raid on his lawyer.
Tuesday: The state’s steep housing costs and strong safety nets, a record-breaking spring heat wave, and re-entering life in Stockton after a stint behind bars.
In a new study, researchers single out a blog run by a Canadian zoologist as a primary source of dubious information about the status of polar bears.
We speak to our little dogs much more lovingly than we do to our little boys. How can we change that?
Tuesday: Unusual spring weather, a death cafe in Brooklyn, and Equal Pay Day.
Facebook and other major internet companies should take responsibility for their news content or else license media companies to do it for them.
Americans have plenty of things to worry about — trade deficits shouldn’t be one of them.
Mr. Colbert and other late-night hosts focused on a news story that united two favorite topics: the Russia investigation and the Stormy Daniels scandal.
For most people, remodeling is stressful and disruptive. But for a few homeowners, it’s a passion.
Through memes and apparel, the far-right has found new ways to drum up racist sentiment, harking back to colonial Africa.
The scandal revealed just how much we’d come to trust Facebook — and clarified what the company is really capable of.
It has little to do with lives lost or damage done — and everything to do with the stories we want to tell about ourselves.
Despite large-scale failures, states that try to swear off the use of private prisons find few alternatives.
Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, began the first of two marathon hearings, answering tough questions on the company’s mishandling of data in a series of debacles over the past year.
Eduardo Navarro placed a paper in our cream of broccoli soup. “Perhaps if you truly want to understand a drawing,” he said, “you have to just eat it.”
Richness is everywhere in the Colombian capital, from vivid street art to what may be the gaudiest restaurant you’ve ever seen. 
Many women who work for professional sports teams dread being sent to interact with fans at games and promotional events: “It’s literally like you’re calling for an escort.”
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on reconciling your belief in the value of public education with sending your own children to private school.
In 2016, the mayor proposed a flashy streetcar running along the waterfront, but its future seems murky.
For years Murray Moss ran one of SoHo’s toniest stores with his longtime partner, Franklin Getchell. The two men have written a memoir of fin-de-millennium excess (blowtorched Steinway, anyone?).
Can bringing poems to the masses be an antidote to our toxic civic culture?
Novels that contain a sense of humor with a wide-ranging appeal.
Britain has blamed Russia for the nerve agent attack on Ms. Skripal and her father, a Russian former spy, raising tensions between Moscow and the West.
What do you think this image is saying?
Would you choose to go to class during your free time if it was about something that interested you? Why or why not?
Two Reuters reporters who documented atrocities against the Rohingya have faced months of unrelenting legal jeopardy from Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s government.
Shola Olatoye’s departure leaves the agency facing an uncertain future as the city’s public housing is increasingly under a microscope in Albany and Washington.
Alan Arbesfeld is down in the dumps, and we need to cheer him up.
The Working Families Party wants to represent the resistance.
The trade-off we make for free online content, social sharing and convenience is the willful relinquishing of our privacy. It’s part of the deal.
The program has held up despite Trump’s attempts at sabotage.
Stopping Donald Trump requires a different approach.
If the president stands firm, his former strategist said, he will fulfill the promise of his campaign. If he retreats, he will demonstrate that the Trump movement wasn’t much of a movement after all.
Lindsey Ferrentino’s ambitious but ungainly drama, at Playwrights Horizons, assesses the effect of a school shooting on one uncomprehending survivor.
After a man was killed by the police, a belief took hold in his neighborhood that callers to 911 who reported his erratic behavior had to be outsiders.
This year, I’ve realized that my story about sexual harassment at work should be as much a part of my fight for women as my pay discrimination story.
Lawmakers yelling at Mark Zuckerberg will look like progress but amount to nothing.
Women are playing leading roles across the political spectrum in the state, with Democrats hoping to flip the Arizona legislature and Republicans fielding strong female candidates at all levels.
Back and forth between Brooklyn and the Bronx in the summer in the mid-1960s.
Mr. Cohen is at the center of several aspects of the special counsel’s investigation. He also acknowledged paying $130,000 to Stephanie Clifford, who said she had a sexual encounter with Mr. Trump.
With the help of the California courts, Stormy Daniels is entering into a long-term relationship with the president.
In “To Change the Church,” Ross Douthat argues that Francis’ concessions to the culture have put Catholicism in crisis.
Many reptiles and amphibians sold in pet stores were not bred in captivity as international law requires, conservationists say, but plucked from forests and rivers.
In the digestive tracts of leeches, scientists find evidence of elusive forest species.
The new Congressional Budget Office analysis, which includes the cost of the Republican tax cuts, projects the national debt to reach a level economists say could court a crisis.
The meetings were part of an effort by Mr. Zuckerberg to get ahead of a week of intense scrutiny for him and his company, Facebook.
Behind a new, young manager in Mickey Callaway the Mets are off to a strong start, hoping to erase the memory of last year’s implosion.
The Atlanta chef, who mixes Mexican and Southern cuisines, has a new cookbook and an enduring creed: “You make do, and you make it taste good.”
The president said Syria’s patrons in Russia and Iran may also be responsible for enabling last weekend’s chemical attack. “Everybody’s going to pay a price,” he said.
A look at one of the most revealed crossword puzzle entries in the last week.
Watch the composer Tod Machover bring sizzle to the symphony in his new work, “Philadelphia Voices.”
The penultimate episode of the season was the show’s darkest and best hour to date.
Archaeologists announced the discovery of the specimen found in the Arabian desert, providing new clues to the exodus of Homo sapiens from Africa.
Investors are looking for evidence that the White House economic adviser or Federal Reserve chairman can act as an insurance policy against a trade war.
The letter addresses Pruitt’s $50-a-night room lease and travel expenses in calling for ‘appropriate actions’ to address any ethics violations.
The death of the militant commander, Qari Hekmatullah, followed a series of setbacks over the past year for the Islamic State in the country.
As the governor enters the U.S. Senate race, Florida will once more be a centerpiece state in a tumultuous election year.
A good Interpreter column has a hook that, like a car crash, grabs your attention and gets you to care about otherwise arcane topics.
Monday: Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in California, Mark Zuckerberg prepares to testify in Congress, and electric scooters take over San Francisco.
Before killing herself, Gao Yan accused her professor of assault. Her death may now force a belated reckoning in China’s male-dominated halls of power.
The rate of emergency room visits for anaphylaxis more than doubled, to 3.5 visits per 10,000 children in 2016 from 1.4 in 2010.
People 50 and older should get the new shingles vaccine whether or not they remember having had chickenpox as a child, experts say.
Monday: Images of New Yorkers who lived through trauma, a musical celebration of immigrants and a cheeky health fair downtown.
President Trump said Iran and Russia were responsible for backing “Animal Assad.” But Damascus may view the United States as being focused on a different fight.
Seila Montes has spent more than two years photographing the masked luchadores of Mexico.
How best should world leaders respond to Saturday’s chemical attacks against citizens in Syria?
Local bookstores in Germany have a tradition of playing an active role in civil society. Far-right groups are now in their sights.
What do you think of a judge’s sentence for juveniles who vandalized property with racial epithets?
Even with the best laid plans, there’s no accounting for a psychopath.
This week’s episode continued to treat unchecked ambition as a metastasizing cancer, consuming everything it touches.
Negan fancies himself a liberator of sorts, but his behavior after his long-awaited return to the Savior compound is unmistakably that of a brute.
Tina Fey’s adaptation of her 2004 screenplay about high school cliques comes to Broadway with wit, fetch and a surplus of songs.
N.B.A. players, past and present, have become art collectors, in part out of enthusiasm, in part as an investment, in part to have something to pass on to the next generation.
Even by Canadian standards, Humboldt’s passion for hockey stands out. The deaths of 15 players and personnel in a bus accident has shattered the small town and resonated across Canada.
How to understand the man who may be the most significant supporting player of the Trump era, as he prepares to barnstorm the country on a book tour.
Trump’s Fox fixation isn’t benign or inconsequential — because, like him, the network has an aversion to the truth.
Mr. Bolton takes over as the president’s third national security adviser Monday. In a world of carrot-and-stick diplomacy, Mr. Bolton is a stick man: “I don’t do carrots.”
Lawmakers around the country are treating judges who rule against them like any other politician. That’s bad for everyone.
Todd Brassner lived alone amid a collection of 100 vintage electric guitars and artwork by Andy Warhol, Robert Indiana, Jack Kerouac and others.
Facebook plans to begin notifying users on Monday who were affected by Cambridge Analytica’s data collection. The Times has already spoken with some people whose data was taken.
A reported chemical attack on a Damascus suburb seems to raise the political and military stakes as President Trump charts the United States’ future in Syria.
The party of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has set about turning a vibrant democracy into a semi-autocratic state, took two-thirds of Parliament.
Before I could spend the night in my younger sister’s dorm room, I had to report to security...
Injured while cleaning a Tiffany vase.
Erik Agard’s Monday crossword puzzle shines brightly.
It’s human nature to want to tame wild animals, but nothing in nature wants to be a pet.
The major credit card networks are ending a requirement that people sign for most card transactions — the latest blow to the signature.
As Facebook reels from a privacy scandal, some of its most popular users are lashing out over declining traffic, policy changes and financial complaints.
Invoking the specter of President Trump’s impeachment has become a fund-raising and get-out-the-vote tactic for Republicans. Democratic leaders see the issue as a trap.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
Puggle up with Patrick Berry’s snortifying muzzle.
Long-term use of the medications is surging in the United States, according to an analysis by The Times. One reason: withdrawal symptoms that make it difficult to stop.
The writer Abe Streep describes his year with the Flathead Indian Reservation basketball team as they struggled with a cluster of suicides.
This diagramless grid by David Steinberg is definitely a puzzle.
After paying $750 for a roof deck and other amenities that haven’t been completed, a tenant would like the money back.
Skate parks, once considered a menace, are booming everywhere around the world. Now we head toward the first skateboarding Olympics.
From Italy, a different type of immigrant story.
Mark Diehl serves us a chewy, spicy snack.
The president’s rhetoric suggests he’s moving America toward a trade war with China. But what will he actually do?
A more or less unbelievable performance
Human beings aren’t designed to eat processed foods like these.
The extras on DVDs came to be seen as studio marketing opportunities, but the quirky bonuses were also a way budding filmmakers learned their craft.
John F. Kelly, the White House chief of staff, wants President Trump to fire his Environmental Protection Agency administrator, but the president is resisting.
Standard doses of two TB drugs were insufficient in African subjects also infected with H.I.V., a study finds. Experts say treatment guidelines should be revised.
The heir to Saudi Arabia’s throne has been on an extraordinary tour of the United States, seeking investment and trying to change perceptions of the opaque, conservative kingdom.
As Mark Zuckerberg, the company’s chief executive, prepares to testify before Congress, the company also said it supported the proposed Honest Ads Act.
Asparagus has a short season and high esteem among cooks. Set off its delicate flavor with classic ingredients and bursts of tanginess.
Subway riders have been overcompensating for delays, leading to a conundrum when the trains are on time: The subway’s been making people early.
Food tastes different on a plane. An airline chef needs to take the effects of the dry cabin environment and the lower air pressure into account.
In Hungary and Poland, the liberal West used to be the promised land. Not anymore.
An uncompromising artist, Mr. Taylor argued against reductive definitions of what a musician of his training and background could or should do.
For each 10-point increase in pre-pregnancy diastolic blood pressure, there was a 17 percent increase in the risk of pregnancy loss.
The next generation of a New York real estate family steps up to play a much bigger role in an apartment tower on the east side.
The basic story of a strong labor market remains intact, but a disappointing report is a sign that the U.S. is not in some extraordinary boom.
Mike Pompeo is President Trump’s pick to be the next secretary of state, and John R. Bolton is the choice for national security adviser. Civil rights groups are concerned.
The celebrated designer first made his name four decades ago, in Manhattan. Here, he shares some of his many inspirations.
Income-driven repayment is one of the government’s least well-known, most progressive programs.
In a time of political uncertainty, turmoil and real-life cliffhangers, home improvement shows offer soothing, escapist optimism.
Friday: California vs. Trump, the Stephon Clark shooting, the Good Witch house is for sale, and a Brown birthday.
The Trump administration, carrying out sanctions pressed by Congress for election interference, announced new penalties against Russia’s richest men.
President Trump launched into a new defense of his pugnacious trade policies on Friday, pointing to the falling price of aluminum to deny harm to consumers.
Anchors on local stations owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group were forced to read identical scripts warning about media bias.
Stay hydrated, use a humidifier and be patient. Honey may be as effective as over-the-counter remedies.
The governor has been touting his feminist credentials on social media, while simultaneously battering Bill de Blasio on the decay of the city’s public housing.
Friday: How the city measures snow, weekend events, and National Tartan Day.
My wife had five miscarriages in two years. How long were we supposed to keep this up?
Instead of excavating Ted Kennedy for larger artistic aims, the movie eviscerates him for narrow voyeuristic ones.
QAnon reveals unspoken anxieties about this presidency.
Fascism poses a more serious threat now than at any time since the end of World War II.
New organizations are forming and succeeding in an age of distrust.
A copy of Guitar Player magazine from December 1974 arrives in the mail.
In his first public remarks on the matter, President Trump told reporters that he knew nothing about the $130,000 paid to Stormy Daniels, remarks that could complicate his legal battle against her.
On trade, Trump doesn’t know what he wants, except what he can’t get.
At least five agency officials were reassigned or demoted, or requested new jobs after raising concerns about the administrator’s security demands and spending.
In West Virginia, President Trump continued his tirade against the United States’ immigration laws and accused Democrats of embracing dangerous policies to win votes.
Starr Restaurants, already has a major footprint in New York, with several ventures like Le Coucou and Upland.
His shooting death is a reminder that California’s liberal reputation collides with the experiences of its black residents.
I thought I’d figured out a key riddle in “2001: A Space Odyssey.” The actor who played the scene wasn’t so sure.
The “Melodrama” tour brings the singer’s scarred and ecstatic songs into arenas reserved for polished pop. But she doesn’t leave her complexities behind.
Emergency room doctors are seeing a growing caseload of nausea and vomiting in marijuana users whose only relief is a long, hot shower.
While Washington figures out its stance on Syria, American forces on the ground are building up their front-line positions.
The laughs run hot and (mostly) cold in this comedy about three daughters who set out to lose their virginity and whose parents try to stop them.
As Americans increasingly eat out, owners are scrambling to find employees wherever they can.
A star in President Trump's campaign to roll back regulations, he now faces a swirl of ethics questions and may be losing the confidence of the White House.
Beijing has a strong grip on banks, the news media and politics, and it seems willing to take advantage of vulnerabilities in the American political system.
Look closely at these graphs, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Emma González and Rose McGowan, ‘Black Panther’ and ‘Billions’ — shaved heads make a statement, intentional or not.
With 29 suits filed, the federal government and California are engaged in “bloody combat” over issues like immigration, the environment and the census.
This week’s properties include a renovated five-bedroom in Muttontown, N.Y., and a four-bedroom in Danbury, Conn.
This week’s properties are in Lenox Hill, Chelsea and Sea Gate, Brooklyn.
Thursday: A backlash against Trump emission rules, institutionalizing the homeless, more rain, and a Frank Gehry-Wolfgang Puck collaboration.
Thursday: In the middle of a snow sandwich, celebrating women in film, and bus and bike news.
A law meant to protect patients like mine was probably making him suffer more.
The political divide in the United States now separates people by how open or closed their minds are.
This is no way to run a country, unless your intention is to run it into the ground.
A 6-year-old boy was stabbed to death in an elevator in a housing project in East New York. Years later, the scene still sends chills through residents.
More women have accused the famous architect of sexual misconduct, and they say the firm seemed powerless to stop his behavior.
Haoran Yang was happy to sacrifice building amenities to get a no-frills one-bedroom with more space.
The United States military is spending about $1 million to secure several makeshift detention camps for Islamic State prisoners, broadening its involvement in operations it had sought to avoid.
Many colleges and universities are facing a gloomy picture, painted by polls, politics and population shifts that are forcing an overhaul of campuses across the country.
The special counsel is emphasizing his lack of independence to defend the indictment of Paul Manafort, President Trump’s former campaign chairman.
Maggie O’Farrell’s “I Am I Am I Am” recounts a life lived on the brink of dying.
There are ways to make life harder for American companies in China that need not be formal, or widely publicized.
The Alaska senator is one of the few Republicans who has gone toe-to-toe with the president — and thrived.
Mike Myers brought back his Dr. Evil character from “Austin Powers.” He said that he was going to be the “secretary of evil,” but Steve Bannon took the job.
Do you ever feel overwhelmed by homework and studying? What strategies do you use to deal with the pressure?
Could a study on snow monkeys be helpful for humans?
At an elephant rejuvenation camp in southern India, Selvaprakash Lakshmanan photographed the guests and their keepers.
What do you think this image is saying?
Six music artists including Mr. Dylan, Kesha and St. Vincent rerecord pop songs with a same-sex twist.
An analysis of the popular 4/20 weed celebration found an increase in auto accidents after 4:20 p.m.
Paige has seen blood on her mother’s hands before. But never quite like this.
In the 1950s, when women were relegated to housework, Stringfield revved and roared through Florida’s palm-tree-lined streets on her Harley-Davidson.
David Kahn is outstanding in his field.
Video creators, including Nasim Aghdam, have been complaining for months about YouTube’s pulling their ads. Then one of them went to company headquarters with a gun.
The president’s decision to send National Guard troops to the nation’s southern border is rooted more in xenophobia than in facts.
If the tariffs stand, along with China’s retaliatory moves, they could damage industries that have relied on a global supply chain for their recovery.
Investors appear to be struggling to anticipate the outcome of a tit-for-tat tariff exchange between the world’s two largest economies. Remarks by the Fed chairman indicated that the investors aren’t alone.
Homes that get passed from generation to generation are increasingly rare, as children grow up, move away and can no longer afford the properties.
Payroll expansion was far short of February’s torrid pace and weaker than economists expected, but still yielded the 90th straight month of job gains.
Instead of building a house or skyscraper, Forensic Architecture builds cases against human rights violators, scouring for evidence through social media.
Spouses of skilled workers from India have been told that their work permits, which can mean the difference between struggling and thriving, are likely to be revoked.
Mr. Scaramucci, the voluble former White House communications director, is a co-executive producer of HBO’s “Paterno.” It started with an acquaintance made on an Oliver Stone film.
Why we seek them, and what they tell us about ourselves.
Never mind the logo on the storefront. Not all authorized retailers are the same.
What measures should be taken to make schools safer? Who should be responsible for them?
In “The Street Philosophy of Garry Winogrand,” Geoff Dyer picked 100 of the street photographer’s images and wrote essays about each one.
What is it about spy museums that so strongly captures the public’s imagination?
What story could this image tell?
The corruption scandal that ended Ms. Park’s presidency exposed the collusive ties between South Korea’s government and conglomerates like Samsung.
President Emmanuel Macron, who has taken advantage of his office’s powers, appears poised to expel El Hadi Doudi, making clear he won’t tolerate radical preachers.
This week’s maxi-challenge had the queens writing and performing commercials for dating apps geared toward “lonely, underserved consumers.”
David Steinberg broadens our horizons with an extra large grid.
A shooting in Brooklyn laid bare a shortcoming of neighborhood policing: Officers who know residents are not always the ones responding in fraught situations.
In the Rio Grande Valley, there is a steady flow of immigrants crossing illegally every day. Most are being quietly processed and sent on their way.
After months of stalemate, American negotiators are eager for quick progress on the North American trade deal.
My ancestor was a founder of Smith & Wesson. I believe he would have been horrified by the kinds of guns the company makes today.
Victor Casado, a guard, is charged with taking bribes from a Turkish gold trader in return for smuggling prohibited items into a Manhattan detention center.
President Trump said he would consider tariffs on $100 billion more in Chinese goods in retaliation for Beijing’s plan to set levies on American products.
Pentagon officials have expressed concern about being seen as picking a fight with an ally at a time when the military has plenty of adversaries to contend with.
Officers shot a man holding an object in his hand after responding to 911 calls about a man threatening people with a gun. It was a metal pipe with a knob.
Last year, Blackstone announced a $40 billion infrastructure fund with a huge commitment from the Saudis. It hasn’t come together as planned.
Mr. Krasinski also stars with his real-life wife, Emily Blunt, in this simple yet thrilling creature feature.
Sharing books on an uptown No. 1.
Mr. Trump is deliberately undermining faith in the American press corps. Other countries are taking note.
In this Primary Stages production, Sharon Washington recalls how a magical period in her family’s history was also tinged with pain.
By forcing companies to publicly air salary discrepancies between men and women, Britain hopes to narrow the pay gap.
The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, still projects power, but back home in Wisconsin, he is facing political challengers from both the right and the left.
“It’s time to act,” said Kirstjen Nielsen, the secretary of homeland security, as she outlined the policy during a White House briefing.
My Hasidic sons are 16 and 18 years old, but they cannot read or write English past a second-grade level.
Ancient footprints left by long-necked sauropods offer a snapshot of the mid-Jurassic period, which has yielded relatively few fossil remains.
On the itinerary for the Ohio governor and 2016 presidential hopeful: a diner visit, a Q. and A. at a college and criticism of President Trump amid speculation about a 2020 run.
Hanna Ingber, editorial director of The Times Reader Center, provided a how-to on using social media to converse with readers on topics from race to the weather.
Listen to Anna Thorvaldsdottir’s favorite passage from “Metacosmos,” her first work written for the orchestra.
The return of two beloved 2000s reality programs shows how its stars have grown up, but not outgrown where they came from.
With homelessness rising throughout New York state, a coalition is calling on the legislature to expand tenant laws and other protections.
Republicans see a chance to flip a congressional seat in northern Minnesota, where President Trump’s steel tariffs are being celebrated as a boost for the mining industry.
Younger players who watched Woods push the limits, and endure years of pain, marvel at his latest comeback and aim for a balance between golf and life.
Markus Brunetti’s photographs of imposing cathedrals and churches, both rustic and grand, show a breathtaking clarity.
The president’s decision to keep the 2,000 troops on the ground for the immediate future came hours after he told a roomful of reporters that “it’s time” to bring American forces home.
Thousands of employees have signed a letter calling on their C.E.O. to pull out of a project that could be used to improve drone strike targeting.
In an improvised speech 50 years ago, Kennedy broke the news of King’s death to a largely black crowd. Two months later, he too was killed.
Mr. Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, will appear before multiple congressional committees next week. It is part of the company’s efforts to be more open about its work.
As markets seesawed and industries fretted, American officials held out the possibility that tariffs outlined this week might never go into effect.
Lynne Ramsay’s grim and grisly excursion into psychological extremity is based on Jonathan Ames’s novella.
He’s gotten great reviews as the comic center of Tom Stoppard’s “Travesties.” So why is he worried about his lines, his future and the little finger on his left hand?
Trade wars are bad, but stocks seem to be overshooting their likely cost. Why?
Uzbekistan adores its late dictator, Islam Karimov, but is trying hard to forget his daughter Gulnara, who was once the country’s most famous person.
Wednesday began with share prices sliding, an apparent product of investors’ concerns about an escalating dispute between the world’s two biggest economies. By day’s end, markets had reversed course.
Real estate in Wales has been stable in part thanks to its relative value: For the price of a flat in London you could buy a castle in North Wales.
Wednesday: Winemakers worry over tariffs, a shooting at YouTube headquarters, and more protests in Sacramento.
A 1935 house in Seattle, an 1880 Bucks County retreat and a log cabin on Lake Michigan.
Nasim Najafi Aghdam, who the police said shot three people at YouTube’s headquarters before killing herself, had accused the company of censoring her videos.
Former President Luis Inácio Lula da Silva is the front-runner in the presidential race, but Brazil’s top court ruled that he can be imprisoned for corruption.
A handshake marked the end of a longstanding and controversial split by a breakaway group of Democrats that had given Republicans a foothold of power in Albany.
Wednesday: Gardening season, windy weather, and one book to bind New Yorkers.
A banana might reasonably replace sports drinks for those of us who rely on carbohydrates to fuel exercise and speed recovery.
Long-distance running was our love language. What would we talk about if not about mileage and routes?
Republican-leaning dads upset with the president might help avert a midterm blue tsunami.
“Roseanne” is proof that baby boomer culture is the only common culture we have left.
Kimmel responded to public criticisms that the president has leveled at Amazon over the past few days.
Brokers like to call it SoHa, but some residents of the southern section of Harlem say that is only hastening the area’s gentrification.
On Montana’s Flathead Indian Reservation, basketball is about much more than winning.
At Marjory Stoneman Douglas High, students knew that while preserving a record of normal school activities, they would have to include the story of a tragedy, too.
Ms. Wood, who has testified before Congress about surviving rape, discusses the power of going public in the #MeToo era and how her TV character inspired her.
Global warming is causing spring to arrive early and autumn to come late in many places, and not all species are adapting at the same rate.
The tutors deal not in plain-old schoolwork or straight-up counseling, but in a blend of the two, offering academic and psychological support, at a price.
The chief executive of 23andMe on paternity testing, A-Rod and Facebook.
The measures, targeting $50 billion worth of soybeans, cars and other goods, were the latest move in the countries’ escalating trade confrontation.
Large areas of Kosovo, Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina remain plagued by mines and other live bombs two decades after the Balkan wars of the 1990s.
What is the best way to handle the tide of online pseudoscience?
How has his work influenced your life? How has it shaped the society you live in today?
Do you think teachers should be paid more? Why or why not?
Prime Minister Viktor Orban is trumpeting economic improvements as he runs for re-election. But things aren’t quite as rosy as traditional measures suggest.
The singer and pun master Weird Al Yankovic collaborates with constructor Eric Berlin on a really cheesy puzzle.
Years after committing a senseless murder, a young man returns to his Nebraska hometown. That’s when the real trial begins.
Tech firms, military contractors, carmakers, cellphone companies, financial firms, sports leagues and Wall Street giants are all in his Twitter cross hairs.
Far from learning on the job or modifying his views, Mr. Trump is falling back on the familiar mix of belligerence and isolationism that fueled his campaign.
As the E.P.A. chief announced his most sweeping regulatory rollback to date, he found himself caught up in a swirl of allegations of impropriety.
When more Americans have died from guns just since 1970 than in all the wars in our history, it’s time to try a new approach.
They’re a cosmetic fix that inoculates people in power from real change.
Scapegoats, lies and graft galore. Is this any way to set an example?
Finally understanding why neighbors didn’t try the snacks.
Officials were investigating the motivation behind a woman’s attack at the suburban California headquarters.
Fifty years after Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s assassination, black pastors are issuing a call to action and using different methods to achieve common goals.
Destroyed by fire, St. Nick’s Jazz Pub was a landmark gem that has historians worrying about the future of the iconic Sugar Hill neighborhood.
Photogenic snow monkeys have been a longtime tourist attraction, but only recently have scientists investigated their unusual behavior.
A Times reporter who has covered law enforcement under five attorneys general finds that each brings a personal conviction about what fairness and justice mean.
The Met Museum is replacing aging skylights above its European paintings. You’ll see favorites in natural light, the way old masters painted them.
He has undertaken so many actions that contributed to the weakening of Russia that you have to wonder.
Asne Seierstad’s new book is about sisters who went to Syria without telling a soul, and their father’s attempt to get them back.
We owe it to Dr. King to commemorate the man in full: a radical, ecumenical, antiwar, pro-immigrant and scholarly champion of the poor.
A developer of planned communities is joining with General Electric to build a smart city near Boston with driverless cars and heated sidewalks.
The Office of Management and Budget and the Treasury Department are at odds over the Treasury’s longtime independence in writing tax regulations.
This year’s Humana roster includes merciless looks at power imbalances in the workplace, and a doom-metal finale that left audiences shellshocked.
A governor’s election in California is a changing of the guard at a moment when the state is involved in a high-stakes battle with President Trump.
The country legend’s son, John Carter Cash, helped oversee “Johnny Cash: Forever Words,” an album featuring Elvis Costello, Kacey Musgraves and other kindred spirits.
With house-ground masa and riveting moles, this Brooklyn restaurant pays tribute to a rich branch of Mexican cuisine.
There is no one perfect version, but the combination of beef and red wine is so elemental that it’s worthy of close examination.
The movement faced discord, persistent support for segregation, and, ultimately, fatal violence of people who opposed civil rights. 
Dr. King said in 1957 that democracy was failing to live up to its “noble ideals and principles.” That remains true today.
The remarks by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the de facto ruler of the kingdom, reflect his view of Israel as an economic and strategic partner.
Lauren Slater’s new book chronicles the history of mood-regulating drugs, weaving in her own lifelong struggle to get well and stay well.
Earl Caldwell made history before he wrote it on the night of April 4, 1968, when he reported firsthand on the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. for The New York Times.
Tuesday: A bill would bar children under 12 from playing football, the E.P.A. targets state air pollution rules, and a Los Angeles campaign lures New Yorkers.
A trial in Mississippi provides a rare glimpse into a world where mistreatment of inmates is commonplace, at a time when the Trump administration wants to expand the use of private prisons.
The White House said Tuesday night that President Trump plans to deploy the National Guard to confront what it called a growing threat of illegal immigrants, drugs and crime from Central America.
Did you watch the men’s or women’s national championship games? What did you think of them and why?
Sixty-eight percent of those 65 and older take vitamin supplements. Much of what we once believed about the benefits is wrong.
Tuesday: Scrubbing the trains, wet weather, and spring cleaning advice.
What makes Villanova the class of college basketball is a sustainable model of success that draws top players who sacrifice to play for the Wildcats.
“I mean, he might as well declare it National Bankrupt Casino Awareness Month,” Jimmy Kimmel said.
The actor, restaurateur and author of “A Bronx Tale” on building his castle in Westchester County.
Retaliatory tariffs are a blow to exporters increasingly catering to young, newly wealthy Chinese looking for bottles with cachet.
Volunteers are needed for recovery efforts in the Caribbean. Resorts, cruise lines and other organizations are offering special programs.
The pre-Incan ruins of Kuélap share similarities with their more famous cousin. But getting there can be a herculean effort.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on whether to pass on information about a deceptive ex-spouse, a possible insurance fraud and more.
As China’s Xi Jinping consolidates power, owners of Hong Kong bookstores trafficking in banned books find themselves playing a very dangerous game.
Debating for sport used to be tolerated online — but that was before you could argue with everybody, all the time.
Physicians grapple with the extraordinary cost of medical care in America.
In an intricate feat of urban engineering, the L train will be shut for repairs, transforming streets in Lower Manhattan into the busiest bus route in the country.
Books from throughout history to provide solace in troubling times.
And why you should write yours.
Would you consider vaping a problem at your school? Why or why not?
Damon Gulczynski asks a lot of his solvers.
The Russian president knows the advantages of authority.
The court has a chance to be more honest than it has been about discriminatory voting laws.
Target Margin Theater’s tantalizing reconception of “The Thousand and One Nights” reminds us that there have always been unreliable narrators.
The internet giant has plenty of problems to fix. Andrew Ross Sorkin thinks explaining why particular ads are presented to users would be a good start.
Companies are united around the idea of addressing China’s unfair trade practices, but details of the president’s plan have set off fierce opposition.
You don’t have to like Amazon to fear Trump’s attack on it.
On the economics and politics of America’s growing economic disunion.
Republican Senate candidates in states won by President Trump are in primary fights that could leave them weakened in fall contests against vulnerable Democrats.
The E.P.A. chief was using an apartment partly owned by the wife of the chairman of the lobbying firm as its client sought the agency’s sign off on a pipeline project.
It looked like congestion pricing might finally become a reality in New York. Then Governor Cuomo announced the new state budget.
Fifty years after its release, “2001: A Space Odyssey” seems prescient — an allegory about how destructively artificial intelligence can be misused.
Brandon Judd, who has reiterated talking points that include pushing for a border wall, has earned President Trump’s praise for his television appearances.
Sprinkling some crumbs in a parking lot in Riverdale.
Behind the hot shooting of Donte DiVincenzo, the Wildcats concluded their dominant run through the 2018 N.C.A.A. tournament.
Infants given antibiotics, H2 blockers or proton pump inhibitors were at higher risk of asthma and food allergies.
A Belarusian escort and her “seduction coach” fear deportation from Thailand, saying they know too much about Russian meddling in the 2016 American election.
The Turkish president treats his country to up to three speeches a day, broadcast live on multiple channels, in a divisive style fit for an era of strongmen.
The agency announced a plan to relax Obama-era greenhouse gas rules and signaled that it aimed to make California, which sets its own standards, fall in line.
Tate Modern focuses on a single year, with more than 100 paintings, sculpture and drawings. This was a fraction of the artist’s prodigious output.
The stock market continued to plunge Monday, as investors were unnerved by the unpredictable White House. Stocks are now down 4 percent this year.
They’re subject to rules on etiquette and hygiene, including shaving techniques. Panthers cheerleaders must leave the stadium to change into their personal clothes.
The Kremlin said it hoped President Trump would follow through on his proposal for such a session, made before last week’s tit-for-tat expulsion of diplomats.
The city’s plan to build a jail in the once-blighted neighborhood is a key step to closing Rikers Island, but its future neighbors are concerned.
While other men accused of sexual harassment lie low, the celebrity chef is already exploring whether he can move on to a new role.
A wave of walkouts and rallies in red states has been organized largely by ordinary teachers.
A look at one of the most revealed entries in the past week’s crossword puzzles.
This Moroccan ritual, now widely popular in Israel but little known in America, offers a spread of sweets including a stacked cake called moufleta.
Ramon and Audrey take some time off from their respective forms of martyrdom.
She was hailed as a liberator, only to see that stature overshadowed by corruption, kidnapping, murder and the implosion of her marriage to Nelson Mandela.
The sudden death of more than 200 dolphins in a booming port area in the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro has raised alarm.
Monday: Stephen Reinhardt’s legacy on the Ninth Circuit, President Trump vows “No More DACA Deal,” and a student mulls Stanford — along with 19 other schools.
President Trump has begun a new push for legislation to crack down on illegal immigration and make it more difficult to obtain refuge in the United States, White House officials said Monday.
How do you think sports and fandom would be affected if gambling on games is made legal?
When the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated, public perception of him was more mixed than it is today. Readers recount the mood they witnessed 50 years ago.
A calcium scan is useful to assess patients considered to be at moderate risk of heart disease, but a good score is not a ticket to be reckless.
Monday: A spring storm brings snow, flower shows are in bloom, and spring break events for kids.
Experts recommend that babies sleep in the parents’ room — but not their bed — for up to a year, but that’s not ideal for all parents.
Even here in Tennessee’s gun country, keeping armed people out of schools is not too much to ask.
The story of Seneca and Nero may show Trump advisers it’s not too late to come to their senses.
A museum wasn’t sure whose head it had put on display. That’s when the F.B.I.’s forensic scientists were called in to crack the agency’s oldest case.
A real estate developer-in-training finds a home in Hudson Yards, the largest construction site in the city.
On a trip from Iraqi Kurdistan to Sinjar, Alissa J. Rubin encountered an unsettling number of checkpoints that made travel nearly impossible.
In the wake of mass shootings, a lifetime of gun ownership leads to unsettling questions.
After 38 years in television, including two decades spent making reality shows including “The Bachelor,” Scott Jeffress still believes in love.
Some organizations have lost donors because of their ties to celebrities accused of sexual misconduct, while others have relinquished gifts from those men.
In America, college student loan defaults are a really big problem. In Australia? No worries.
Maybe family life would be more harmonious if we just outsourced the housework we disliked, research suggests.
The photographer Tim Franco explores the stories of North Korean defectors in a new portrait series called “Unperson.”
School and health officials struggling with a sudden influx of easily concealed e-cigarettes fear vaping is creating a new generation of nicotine addicts.
As Richard Carranza takes over as chancellor of New York City’s public schools, here are seven of the biggest issues he will face.
Accounting for every dollar is a surefire way to get your spending under control.
James Fletcher Chase is in town to solve Paul’s disappearance. He has a briefcase full of dollars, and he knows how to kill a man with a pencil.
What are the chances Axe can actually keep his hand out of the cookie jar?
The Chinese Ministry of Commerce announced duties of up to 25 percent on American goods, including pork, retaliating against steel and aluminum tariffs.
There’s respect buried somewhere in the begrudging recognition Negan and Jadis share of each other’s humanity.
In a tight labor market, positions in poultry plants and lumber mills can be tough to fill. But that spells opportunity for recruiters like Ray Wiley.
These shootings keep happening because, on some level, America finds them acceptable.
Bucking a global trend, Uzbekistan’s new leader is reining in the secret police, releasing political prisoners and allowing some freedom of expression.
Ogunbowale hit a 3-pointer with 0.1 of a second left to give the Irish its first championship since 2001.
If we learn anything from the recent controversies surrounding the social media giant, it should be that America’s privacy laws need beefing up.
Mark Peterson, the photographer who worked on a story for The Magazine about the secretary of defense, describes how he captured the press-averse official.
An operation to smear a nerve agent on Sergei Skripal’s door handle was so risky, it is unlikely to have been tried without Kremlin approval, British officials investigating the case believe.
We all want our children to have a better life than we did. But statistics say they won’t.
Much of rural America will abandon the president if his tariffs incite a crisis for rural businesses.
First used with Bitcoin, blockchain technology could reduce the control that big internet companies have over our personal information. But it’s far from a mature technology.
People are increasingly calling for boycotts of the big tech companies amid a backlash. The problem is that Facebook, Apple, Amazon and Google are nearly inescapable.
Blue kept moving in front of me so that my friend and I were side by side.
His appeal to “forgotten” Americans is one of many parallels linking Mr. Wallace, remembered for conservatism and opposition to integration, to the trajectory of Donald J. Trump.
Jason Mueller takes us on tour.
Charles H. Rivkin, an assistant secretary of state during the Obama administration, is now the chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America. He takes over in a time of upheaval.
Turkey’s government has made the ethnic origins of its citizens available online. The results are shattering the myth of racially pure Turkishness.
A Bulgarian government commission alleges that Julia Kristeva, one of France’s most respected philosophers, was also a Communist-era secret agent.
Advocates as well as opponents of gun control, both plotting next steps after the March for Our Lives rally, think their adversaries will eventually tire.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region.
For the Kushner patriarch and his family, the pinnacle of American political power has turned out to be a wellspring of trouble, bringing criminal and regulatory inquiries.
Sam Ezersky handily expands his fandom with this grand grid.
In 1968, Spiro Agnew was the man of the white, suburban moment.
The president sticks his head in the sand as his administration’s hostility toward science continues.
A tale of two Kushner brothers, on either side of the fractious Trump divide.
Can post-Christian spirituality make a bridge between the sexes?
Religion has been used to justify inequity among the sexes, but it can also inspire empowerment.
For years, employees complained about the behavior of the head of the division, Kevin Carwile, and what they viewed as a toxic culture.
Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon, take a good look in the mirror.
After nearing extinction 20 years ago, the Iberian lynx has made a comeback in southern Spain and Portugal, thanks to a vast recovery program funded by the European Union.
Some Brooklyn country music.
As bail has grown into a $2 billion industry, bond agents have become the payday lenders of the criminal justice world, offering quick relief to desperate customers at high prices.
Fifty years after Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s assassination, black pastors are issuing a call to action and using different methods to achieve common goals.
Really, it’s O.K. if we all don’t agree about everything.
Fifty years later, what does the Vietnam War mean? And how should we remember the men and women who served in it?
Hell hath no fury like a conservative firebrand without her border wall.
Childhood health experts have worried about kids raised on cellphones and social media. Student protests gave us a glimpse of the potential of Gen Z.
It took officials 12 months to identify the source of the outbreak, which has led to nearly 200 deaths in South Africa.
A lawyer for the family said the findings proved that Mr. Clark could not have been moving in a threatening fashion toward Sacramento officers when they opened fire.
A golden Bundt, scented with lemon zest and painted with a lemon-sugar syrup, Maida Heatter’s East 62nd Street Lemon Cake is a favorite among Times readers.
As the Senate majority leader holds up reform of the congressional disciplinary process, 22 senators say, enough.
As Loyola-Chicago (with Sister Jean) and Villanova make the Final Four in San Antonio, here is a look at the deep connection between Catholic colleges and basketball.
The census is scrapping new categories for Hispanics and Arab-Americans while adding a citizenship question to drive more of them into the shadows.
There are many ways to prepare lamb shanks, but simmered and paired with a light, orange-inflected sauce is an especially perfect seasonal variation.
Ms. Salman had been accused of lying to the authorities and aiding and abetting her husband, Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people at an Orlando nightclub.
I barely made it out after the fall of Saigon. It was 20 years before I went back.
After last week’s delightful season premiere, Thursday’s episode was like a bad second date.
Friday: Cannabis and the art world collide, looming emissions fight with President Trump, Stephon Clark funeral, Tesla’s woes, coffee warnings, and finally, opening day.
Times have changed, and the maker of the Les Paul and the Flying V is on the ropes. Can it sustain?
As Uber pulled back on testing after a fatal crash in Arizona, Waymo said it would order up to 20,000 electric vehicles for a self-driving car service.
The complexity of the public service loan forgiveness program has tripped up many teachers like Jed Shafer. An October Your Money column led to changes.
What was promoted as a six-week campaign of peaceful protests, with thousands of Palestinians in tent cities, descended quickly into deadly violence.
People can, and often do, get infected with multiple germs. Sometimes it helps; sometimes it hurts.
Behind the Supreme Court ruling of Brown v. Board of Education was a girl whose story led to states being ordered to desegregate schools.
Renovation disasters almost always involve missed deadlines and cost overruns — and when you’re building a mansion, the problems are magnified.
Friday: Notes on your Passover plate, weekend goings-on, and the Way of the Cross.
My life with the other Army wives was like life with family: intense, necessary for survival, claustrophobic and never enough.
I sat and listened. That’s what journalists do: listen through silences, awaiting a clue.
A new generation has learned how to use the tools of democracy that were largely denied them by passive educators.
Fifty years after Martin Luther King was killed in Memphis, the city remains the poorest large metropolitan area in the country.
Is this really what intellectual diversity means?
The host of “The Daily Show” faulted President Trump for naming Dr. Ronny Jackson, the White House physician, as secretary of veterans affairs.
The Times joined a family on their return to Puerto Rico months after fleeing Hurricane Maria’s fury. The homecoming was not what they expected.
Finding a reliable contractor is crucial for any home improvement project. But what do you do if you get a bad one?
More and more older people have realized that not working just isn’t for them —and it’s not all economics.
Without major change, spending bills that are too big to veto will most likely remain the standard in Congress, despite President Trump’s insistence that he’ll never sign one again.
The movie is beloved. But it also pits girls against girls. How, then, do you make a stage musical that satisfies fans and meets our cultural moment?
Long before a shooting and protests in Ferguson, Mo., focused America’s attention on how the police treat black men, Los Angeles was a byword for police brutality and racism.
Where do you go to experience the great outdoors? How do you spend your time there?
Even though Mr. Trump still takes potshots at Amazon, the industry’s relationship with the White House is shifting as tech companies find some common ground with the president.
More and more apps are promising to help you catch some shut eye on the road. 
In “The Cadaver King and the Country Dentist,” Radley Balko and Tucker Carrington tell a haunting true-crime tale of systemic incompetence and racism.
As a teenager, he was an elite violinist, a rare talent. Then, something happened. Fifty years later, he has found a refuge in a City Island boatyard.
The most compelling photographs of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. were neither idealized nor simplistic, but endeavored to portray his complexity and humanity.
How is technology changing the game of baseball?
What places from movies or books — real or imaginary — would you like to visit and why?
Two years after the E.U. and Turkey struck a deal to cut off asylum seekers crossing the Aegean, thousands languish in deplorable conditions on Lesbos.
Sam Trabucco parties until all hours.
After 23 years in politics, the English star of “Elizabeth R” returns to the American stage in a torrential revival of Edward Albee’s play.
A dinner at the White House helped David J. Pecker, whose company owns The National Enquirer, showcase his connections as he sought to expand into Saudi Arabia.
Thursday was the last day at the White House for the 29-year-old from Connecticut, who followed an unlikely career path to become a presidential confidante.
Do you lead a segregated life?
The network realized it was leaving some viewers behind — and put into effect a plan that brought back a working-class sitcom.
The issue has been at the center of months of intrigue at the sprawling department charged with caring for the United States’ 20 million veterans.
Production delays, a recall and other problems have presented the electric-car maker and its founder, Elon Musk, with a crisis of confidence among investors.
Lyndon Johnson said the alternative might be a nuclear war. But even the C.I.A. disagreed.
What nothingburger trade deals and unqualified appointees have in common.
Nothing will change if we keep consuming problematic pop culture without demanding anything better.
Trump’s nomination for Veterans Affairs Secretary fits a pattern of cronyism.
In a meandering speech, the president seemed to undercut his administration’s initiatives, including on infrastructure and a trade pact with South Korea.
A respite from a nor’easter turns into a minor adventure.
President Trump replaced David Shulkin with his White House doctor, Ronny Jackson. Among the prime beneficiaries may be the billionaire Koch brothers.
Two affectionate hippos. Life lessons. Does it get any better? No, it does not.
The Trump administration, handing automakers a victory, is preparing to announce an effort to weaken strict Obama-era pollution standards.
Men under 55 were particularly susceptible, with an increased risk of 40 percent on days after a victory, and 20 percent after a defeat.
It was about so much more than watching John Hughes movies and figuring out how to eat sushi.
“Alexa & Katie” and “On My Block” join a roster that includes “13 Reasons Why,” “Stranger Things” and “Everything Sucks.”
A new study in Panama finds some types of frogs are returning, after being decimated by a deadly fungus that has vanquished amphibians around the world.
“Sally Mann: A Thousand Crossings” at the National Gallery of Art is a record of exploration — into her past, America’s history and photography’s.
In a nation with one of the highest divorce rates in Europe, the government has come to the conclusion that some breakups should take more than a few clicks.
The move was in retaliation for the expulsion of diplomats by Britain, the United States and their allies. The U.S. Consulate in St. Petersburg will be closed.
Paul Carmichael, the chef, delivers a profoundly pleasurable experience at the Sydney location of David Chang‘s restaurant group.
Three bottles of Rosso di Montalcino, delicious sangiovese wines from Tuscany, each illustrate a different notion of ripeness.
These whites from the foothills of an active volcano in Sicily are among Italy’s most compelling, and unlike any other whites.
With at least 68 dead, the inferno in Valencia was one of the worst in the country’s modern history.
Our Tech We’re Using columnist, Brian Chen, is eager to hear feedback from readers and requests for future columns about how Times journalists use tech.
The government said it would review access to financial markets, and how wealthy Russians have gained residency in Britain.
A man’s book of imaginative drawings, creations and innovations inspires and delights his son and grandson.
A new law in Utah is the first in the nation written to protect parents who allow children to walk to school alone or play unsupervised.
The company’s stock has declined precipitously since hitting its peak in early February, battered by disclosures about improper use of its data.
The dispute deepened after a dubious mural was defended by Jeremy Corbyn, the left-wing leader of a party seen in the past as a strong ally of Israel.
Fast fashion giants like H&M and Zara are hiring diversity managers and using screening technologies to catch offensive designs before shoppers do.
A sneak peek at Frenchette in TriBeCa, where Riad Nasr and Lee Hanson will give their Gallic training a fresh spin.
A spate of works like “The Wolves” and “The Wholehearted” use sports to explore ideas about femininity, self-image and power.
This week Paige took her spy game to a new level, but it was unclear whether she was prepared for the consequences.
Todd Gross is counting on us.
In the Irish Repertory Theater’s solid revival of Conor McPherson’s Christmas classic, the Devil sits down for Yuletide wassail and a game of cards.
The governor’s celebrity challenger has drawn out his worst combative instincts as she seeks to depose him.
Twenty-three years after the Oklahoma City bombing, why are we still surprised by the movement’s strength?
Moving a monument to the controversial 19th-century doctor, J. Marion Sims, from Central Park to a Brooklyn cemetery does not wipe out the racist past it immortalizes.
The prize set off a debate about anti-Semitism in Germany’s hugely popular hip-hop music scene, and among young people.
China’s proposed tariffs on soybeans would hit hard in Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, North Dakota and other states with highly competitive House and Senate races.
How about that Southern White House?
In a speech to the European Parliament, the French president said Europe was facing a “civil war” over democratic values.
Sean Hannity and others are blaming the special counsel for one of the F.B.I.’s worst scandals. But there is no evidence to back up their charges.
R. Lee Ermey’s character won over American teenagers with the promise that he could turn them into the most lethal human killing machines in history.
Seeing a younger man wearing a familiar garment conjures up the past.
“Dear Jesus, send some angels.” Passengers feared they would die as an engine exploded, plunging the plane thousands of feet in a minute.
A settlement ends a lawsuit against a Trump-allied publisher, and protects the president from being drawn into a legal case involving efforts to buy women’s silence.
See the “David Bowie Is” exhibition at the Brooklyn Museum, then let fashion’s perennial muse inspire you.
Why are people so much more woke than they were under Bush?
Traumatic brain injuries may lead to the development of Parkinson’s disease, a new study suggests.
Florida students began rehearsing “Spring Awakening” before the Feb. 14 shooting at their high school. They wanted to keep going. The show’s original cast came to support them.
People who were married were more likely than single people to have melanoma detected in the earlier, more treatable, stages.
Without the Castro legacy to rely on, his successor will face a minefield of tasks that even Mr. Castro failed to complete.
The author of “The Looming Tower” and “Going Clear” captures the Lone Star State in all its shame and glory.
The major failure, nearly seven months after Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico, could take up to 36 hours to fix.
The move would be accomplished by pardoning convicted felons on parole, allowing Gov. Andrew Cuomo to sidestep the State Legislature.
Passengers hailed Captain Shults as a hero after an engine exploded on Flight 1380. She started out as one of the first female fighter jet pilots in the Navy.
By 2050, twice as many women as men will have the disease. But we may be able to change that.
An Arizona teacher invents a game that helps students in her memoir class tackle essential questions — and learn to close-read for answers.
Why is President Trump so determined to prevent spouses of H-1B visa holders from living the American dream?
As the momentum grows for a meeting with the North Korean leader, President Trump acknowledged that it was a risky undertaking, and one that could still end in failure.
South Korea said it had been in talks with both American and North Korean officials about replacing the 1953 armistice with a full peace agreement.
Home prices have been increasing in Gibraltar, where the economy is growing and a building boom is underway.
How I use the social networking app to tap into trends, meet sources and explore communities you’ll soon be buzzing about.
A renovated 1860 house in Concord, a medieval-style castle in Boise and a 58-acre riverfront complex in Abiquiú.
A new online citizen science questionnaire is a brain teaser for people who think they’re good at guessing the breeds in the genetic makeup of a mutt.
Wednesday: A housing bill dies with a “resounding thud,” San Diego joins the Trump administration’s lawsuit against California, and a look at Cal Poly’s ethnic makeup.
Dogged by scandal at home, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is hoping to score diplomatic and political victories during a meeting this week with President Trump.
This month’s constructor spotlight shines on Sam Trabucco.
“The Metropolis in Latin America,” at the Americas Society, is a tale of ambition, nationalism, violence, technical innovation and economic transformation.
Aerobic fitness can halve the likelihood of developing heart disease, no matter how worrisome your genetic profile.
Wednesday: Recounting a pivotal three years that changed culture, a chilly morning commute, and your questions for the new L.I.R.R. president.
The dismissal of a professional cheerleader has drawn attention to the sports industry, which seemed to be operating outside the #MeToo movement. Until now, that is.
How does Donald stack up against Gump? Not well.
Barbara Bush gave it to you with the bark off. But when you earned her affection, it meant all the more. You knew it was real.
Promoting his new book, the former F.B.I. director told Stephen Colbert that the country should not become “numb” to the president’s behavior.
Unlike some nearby communities, Mount Kisco is ethnically diverse, having attracted immigrants from Italy, Ireland and, more recently, Latin America.
For all his Old World qualities, Max Hollein has an individualistic streak that promises to disrupt some of the Met’s traditional ways.
A heart attack. A legacy with a question mark. Now Mr. Banderas has a dream role he’s wanted since childhood: Picasso, in NatGeo’s “Genius.”
And was it nothing — or something dangerous to worry about?
In 2006, Jeremiah Foxwell became the Navy’s first known chemical-warfare casualty after the Iraq invasion, but the service refuses to award him a Purple Heart.
With an eye on quelling the flow of unaccompanied minors into the United States, the Trump administration has quietly reinterpreted a New York law to reject some applying for protections.
Some combinations of words seem natural, almost predestined. Others are just flatly unacceptable.
The former Yahoo chief is renting Google’s original office, where “there’s a lot of good juju,” and planning her next act. She just won’t say what it is. 
Agriculture could pull carbon out of the air and into the soil — but it would mean a whole new way of thinking about how to tend the land.
This generation’s Doctor Spock popularized the swaddle and simple techniques for soothing infants. Why is he now selling a $1,160 robotic bassinet?
In your opinion, are there certain genres of music that are overlooked as “serious” or “legitimate” enough to win this prestigious award?
The ‘Queer Eye’ grooming expert on coming out in Middle America.
How has fear of violence toward women and girls in New Delhi led to increased confidence?
During a post-traumatic stress treatment program, Michael McCoy, a retired U.S. Army Specialist, turned to photography to help him manage the emotional aftershocks of war.
What do you think this image is saying?
Peter A. Collins and Bruce Haight croon to us.
The president alluded to the mission on Tuesday when he said that the United States was in direct talks with North Korea at “extremely high levels.”
Mrs. Bush, who died on Tuesday, presented herself as both reasonable and reasonably conservative.
Statistics show that the area of Philadelphia where two black men were arrested in a cafe has the greatest racial disparity in the city when it comes to police pedestrian stops.
Democrats view politics as an arena of intergroup competition rather than an ideological battlefield.
Mrs. Bush avoided controversial issues while in the White House and became known for her straight talk, lack of pretension and self-deprecating humor.
The E.P.A. administrator’s appalling environmental policies aside, his unethical and bullying behavior has sullied his agency and demoralized its employees.
Some said the ruckus over Israel’s 70th anniversary party was crass and undignified. Others said it was perfectly, quintessentially Israel.
Closely identified with a favorite attaché.
Eating nuts was tied to a lower risk for atrial fibrillation, but may not lower the risk of heart attacks or strokes.
Sarah Sellers ran right past every elite marathoner except one on Monday. On Wednesday, she has to return to her full-time job in Arizona.
Hundreds of you shared your thoughts about what disorder might be affecting our patient Angel. Let’s keep the conversation going.
The plane made an emergency landing in Philadelphia, as those on board worked desperately to save a woman who had been partially sucked out of the aircraft.
This “Lysistrata” update at the Flea Theater is consistently lively, but its comic aims are scattershot.
In “The Recovering,” the novelist and essayist Leslie Jamison explores her own alcoholism and the struggle to make art out of giving up drinking.
Diamonds and humans have more in common than you might think.
The data firm was hoping to do its own so-called initial coin offering and quietly helped promote other companies in the unregulated industry.
The May 29 date was announced after days of outrage over the arrest of two African-American men at a store in Philadelphia last week.
By a 5-to-4 vote, the Supreme Court ruled that a law allowing the deportation of some immigrants who commit serious crimes was unconstitutionally vague.
A top White House official said Nikki Haley experienced “momentary confusion” by announcing new sanctions on Russia. “I don’t get confused,” she replied.
A computer failure crippled a crucial part of the agency’s website that allows taxpayers to make their payments directly from their bank accounts on the day taxes were due.
The rapper’s win for “DAMN.” is overdue recognition for hip-hop but raises concerns about the shrinking number of platforms for noncommercial work.
Three career criminals have been arrested in the killing of Daphne Caruana Galizia, but her family fears a cover-up because of the powerful interests involved.
Little known to the public but prized in the business, the expediter plays a high-pressure role, setting the pace for both kitchen and dining room.
“Power to the People” at the Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt focuses on the universal subject of politics in art, rather than on the political issues themselves.
Digitized records and DNA tests are allowing civilian volunteers to pitch in and help put correct names on unidentified remains in American military cemeteries.
Tuesday: San Francisco’s high rises, The Santa Rosa Press Democrat and Kendrick Lamar win Pulitzers, and an East Bay hailstorm.
What is the best way to preserve the memory and knowledge of the Holocaust, especially after all survivors are gone?
Many vegetables have more sugar than people realize, making them suitable for dessert, whether it’s at a top restaurant or on your home table.
Tuesday: The holy grail of city living, National Volunteer Week, and this year’s Pulitzer Prize winners.
Trump and Comey seek to make their mark on history.
If you are among the millions of Americans who put in hours of unpaid labor last year arguing about national politics, you may be due a tax credit.
Beijing said makers of electric cars would no longer be required to find a Chinese partner, with the rest of the auto industry to follow.
Caissie Levy isn’t just a Broadway actress — she’s also a self-proclaimed interior design nerd.
Iraq is ramping up prosecutions of thousands of people accused of supporting the Islamic State, handing death sentences to workers, wives and fighters.
I never imagined that my main takeaway from the Bolivian city, where women have struggled for equality, would be one of female empowerment — thanks to everyone from chefs to wrestlers.
As the #MeToo movement gains momentum, tour operators and hotels are offering all-female excursions and programs that address gender equality.
Life online can offer us a sense of belonging in any number of virtual villages. But the power to control those spaces isn’t very communal at all.
With a hard sell to prospective students and huge amounts in taxpayer funding, Jerry Falwell Jr. transformed the evangelical institution into a behemoth.
Fiction that runs the gamut from horror and fantasy to science fiction and mystery, all told from a nonwhite perspective.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on withholding information from a family member that may be painful to hear and handling unfairness at work.
What to do when we don’t know what to do.
If your school was given a bigger budget, what do you think it should spend the money on and why?
In “Black Outlined Blue,” Daniel Edwards, the son of two law enforcement officials, examined the difficulties and insights of being both black and a police officer.
In just its third month, and despite a media blackout, an ethnic Pashtun protest group has grown quickly as it demands justice for extrajudicial killings.
What is the most challenging physical feat you have accomplished?
Everyone from pro photographers to amateur shutterbugs is using phones to shoot video projects. Here’s how you can get started.
Wren Schultz returns with an equal opportunity crossword puzzle.
The administration reversed course a day after announcing that it would penalize Russian companies for facilitating Syria’s chemical weapons program.
In media appearances aimed in part at increasing book sales, Mr. Comey is criticizing the president in personal ways that are unusual for a former F.B.I. director.
On energy, Trump and company are trying to stop technological progress.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has opened millions of acres of public lands for development while pursuing policies of protection in his home state.
My wife and I are pro-choice, and believe in the right to choose. We chose our child.
James Comey’s book sheds new light on the Steele dossier.
A statue of J. Marion Sims, a 19th-century surgical pioneer who experimented on female slaves, will be moved to the Brooklyn cemetery where he is buried.
The big issue surrounding Facebook isn’t privacy. It’s the socially poor.
There’s nothing worse than that guy yammering about his epic marathon experience. But I really want to to tell you about my epic marathon experience ...
A dangerous encounter in Chelsea.
The former F.B.I. director has better, nobler fodder than the president’s hands and hair.
The urgency of the alerts called to mind a computer-age version of a Cold War drill, only now it’s upgrading passwords rather than “duck and cover.”
Lawyers for Mr. Cohen, the president’s personal lawyer, had sought to keep Mr. Hannity’s identity a secret in a court challenge of an F.B.I. search of Mr. Cohen’s office.
Reporting on sexual harassment — including the predations of the film mogul Harvey Weinstein — was recognized by the Pulitzer board. The New York Times won in three categories.
A conquering hero comes home in a ferociously funny, and surprisingly timely, revival of the novelist’s 1970 play.
The intimate yet dazzling Margravial Opera House in Bayreuth, Germany, built in 1748, reopens after a six-year renovation.
“Wade in the Water” is the latest collection by Pulitzer Prize winner Tracy K. Smith, while the prolific and acclaimed Kevin Young returns with “Brown.”
The century-old gin cocktail, tinged with yellow Chartreuse, is catching on again at bars across the country.
The president’s comment doesn’t align with the current realities of global currency markets
The cookbook author Madhur Jaffrey travels to the crop’s ancient home and finds new inspiration from Andean cooks.
A look at one of the most revealed crossword puzzle entries in the last week.
Linden was the first American woman to win the race in 33 years.
Western officials said Russia and Syria had prevented inspectors from reaching Douma, where about 70 people died on April 7. Moscow blamed the United Nations for the delay.
The new National Memorial Hall for fallen soldiers seeks consensus in a divided society by paring down commemoration to its bare essentials.
An explosive disaster provides a unifying climax of sorts. But does it answer any questions?
Adding immunotherapy to standard chemo treatments can halve the risk of death for people with the most common type of lung cancer, a new study shows.
Monday: Mayor Eric Garcetti’s proposed temporary shelters, antiwar protests in San Francisco, and Beyoncé makes history at Coachella.
The long-awaited showdown between Rick and Negan attempted to have it both ways, and very nearly succeeded.
The judge said she was considering appointing a special master to assist in the review, and that Mr. Trump would ultimately receive copies of the documents that pertain to him.
When fights broke out at the Lee Correctional Institution, housing some of South Carolina’s most violent offenders, there were too few officers on hand to restore order swiftly, officials said.
An auto emissions battle is brewing between the Environmental Protection Agency and the state of California. Separately, James Comey tore into the president on national TV.
Monday: A 36-hour cryptocurrency experiment, last-minute tax help, and Titanic memorials.
Statins are often given to healthy people to prevent a potentially devastating problem, so some patients object to taking them.
Reading aloud and playing imaginative games may help children deal with emotions like anger and sadness, researchers say.
From Broadway to downtown experimental shows, the city’s theater ruled supreme. Here are some of its alumni, including Sarah Jessica Parker, Willem Dafoe, Cynthia Nixon and more.
One cure for a crisis of faith: a Sunday school lesson taught by the former president.
The racial hatred I experienced almost broke my spirit. But I found some light in the darkness.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Crowds and chaotic thrills at the thunderous, lawless, medieval-style horse race in Siena, Italy.
Prosecutors say three members of a militia group planned to bomb an apartment complex in Garden City, Kan., where Somali immigrants live. Defense lawyers say the F.B.I. overreached.
Scientists have made astonishing discoveries about the nature and evolution of friendship. Without it, humans suffer significant physical and emotional damage.
World War II internment camps for Japanese-Americans, which President Trump cited as precedent during the campaign, loom over his travel ban case now facing the court.
We invited America’s public school teachers to show us the conditions that a decade of budget cuts has wrought in their schools.
The intuitive appeal of such a system is growing, and it’s getting a test in Maryland. 
Unraveling the mystery of Dan Scavino, the White House social media director, whose job is to help @realDonaldTrump stay unpresidential.
How can teens and their parents understand and respect one another’s needs?
Lindsey Beal has traveled to medical libraries for the past two years to document vintage gynecological and obstetric instruments.
What words from Britain have crept into American speech and how did they get there?
Since apartheid ended, African National Congress leaders have siphoned off tens of billions of dollars. Will South Africa’s new government confront such epic graft?
Female-only audiences, no social media — but as one observer said, “Women here have been waiting for years for a time to shine.”
Everyone but Gail seems exceptionally calm about Paul’s kidnapping, even after new and worrying details emerge.
The father-son relationship between Charles and Chuck was already on the rocks. This week, it took a turn for the disturbing.
Mr. Comey, the former F.B.I. director fired by President Trump in 2017, appeared in an hourlong interview on ABC Sunday night. Here is some of what he had to say.
Lynn Nottage’s beautiful, reverberating portrait of a murder and its consequences follows the global path of illicitly obtained ivory.
Before setting himself on fire in a Brooklyn park, David S. Buckel sent an email to a man he had mentored, one clue among several as friends and family tried to make sense of the act.
The office of the United States attorney for the Southern District, which is overseeing the Michael Cohen investigation, is known for nonpartisanship.
An aggressive typhoid strain, resistant to five types of antibiotics, is expected to replace other endemic strains worldwide. It could evolve to become untreatable.
A pair of neuroscientists are working with Major League Baseball to help measure the mental aspects of a batter’s swing.
President Trump has promised retaliation for a suspected chemical attack that killed dozens of Syrian civilians. What would that look like?
Lucy Thurber’s compassionate but clunky play follows the bids of two young men from the Bronx to win scholarships at a New England college.
What is the best way to handle asylum seekers waiting for final asylum decisions after coming in to the United States?
Amy Chozick’s “Chasing Hillary” describes the impossibility of covering the two Clinton presidential campaigns.
The southern tip of Baja California, Mexico, turned out to be like an immersive choose-your-own-adventure novel. Here are a few of those turns, and the resulting ups and downs.
When the owner of a thriving Hong Kong bookstore disappeared, questions swirled. What happened? And what did the Chinese government have to do with it?
Colleges may emphasize the amount of aid awarded, rather than the actual cost of attending a school, financial aid experts say.
After more than 1,100 people were killed in the horrific building collapse, hundreds of factories in Bangladesh were shuttered. Five years later, the garment industry looks set to return to business as usual. 
The American-led air campaign to defeat the remnants of ISIS in eastern Syria lost its main ground force. Now it is shifting its tactics to kill the last remaining fighters.
Protests of outrage over the crime have erupted across India. But in the village where she was killed, people have lined up behind the accused men.
In what has been described as its largest midterm mobilization ever, the Christian conservative movement is looking past the president’s behavior and toward November.
An investigation at the public radio station says top management, including Laura R. Walker, the president and C.E.O., did not know about problem behavior.
Polar bears haunt the landscape around the remote town of Churchill in northern Manitoba.
I’m a lesbian. My fiancée is a trans woman. We’re trying to have a baby the old-fashioned way. It’s complicated.
The White House physician was a reckless choice, driven by the president’s vanity.
For the first time in my life, a member of Congress looks like my family.
People almost never put on enough sunscreen, so using a higher SPF may be your best bet.
A father is still grateful for the timely work of two emergency medical technicians.
Infinity? Come on. It’s not even three hours! But there is enough time to get a hunky-Chris showdown (Pratt vs. Hemsworth vs. Evans).
The City Council takes up residential parking permits, again. A policy that is prevalent around the country has never gotten far in New York City.
Migrants from Central America who plan to apply for asylum in the United States face opposition from President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
There was a mutual kiss on the cheek in the East Room, clasped hands and the first state dinner of the Trump era.
The U.S. and Europe aren’t alone in feeling the effects of people fleeing a World of Disorder for a World of Order.
The “Windrush generation” — Caribbeans invited to Britain to help rebuild after World War II — has faced harsh treatment under a migration crackdown.
This exuberant revival of Tom Stoppard’s 1974 comedy of the intellect, starring Tom Hollander, is one of the sweetest and strangest defenses of art.
Constable Ken Lam turned off his siren, calmly ordered the man to get down and placed him under arrest. It was “a great outcome in a horrible situation,” an expert said.
A bipartisan bill prescribes when and where force can be used, but the terms are so broad that they may not limit presidential war-making.
The judge rejected the government’s assertion that the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program was unlawful.
Democrats now have a numerical advantage in the State Senate, but Simcha Felder, who said he would continue to caucus with Republicans, has hindered their quest for control.
The former state senator benefited from more than $1 million in outside spending by Republican groups determined to avoid repeats of losses in Alabama and Pennsylvania.
Condoleezza Rice and her commission have ideas for cleaning up college basketball. But they don’t challenge the longtime requirement that the players be amateurs.
What tasks would you want a robot to do for you?
How are improvements in wind turbines transforming wind power into a viable source of clean energy?
Do the choices you make for your life confuse and upset your parents? Or satisfy and delight them? How do these decisions affect your relationship?
How many fleeting associations combine to make up a life?
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on who deserves an organ transplant, a problematic Uber driver and protecting a friend from a bad acquaintance.
Employees in the tech industry have an unusual power: They can make their companies act more responsibly. All they have to do is speak up.
Mickey Callaway and a wave of rookie baseball managers are out to prove that understanding people is as important as crunching numbers.
Elwood Higginbotham was murdered by a mob in 1935. For his descendants, a new historical inquiry into his death offers a chance to confront the past. 
One of Ms. Churchill’s merits as a playwright is that she tends to divide people. Her play, “Light Shining in Buckinghamshire,” is returning to New York.
The former coal mining executive, a strong supporter of President Trump who is running as an “American competitionist,” has refused to disclose his personal finances as required by law.
By the end of the argument, the Supreme Court’s conservative majority seemed ready to defer to the president’s national security judgments and discount his campaign promises to impose a “Muslim ban.”
The National Memorial for Peace and Justice, opening Thursday in Montgomery, Ala., is dedicated to victims of white supremacy.
Is California’s one-party rule our political destiny?
Too many suffer silently before turning to mental health treatment.
The confirmation process of President Trump’s personal doctor as Veterans Affairs secretary came to an abrupt halt amid concern over his actions as White House physician.
Getting six kids out the door every morning is a lot of work. Luckily, we don’t do it. They do.
Wednesday: Debunking myths about spring allergies, remembering Charles Ignatius Sancho, and honoring Edward Murrow.
Marathons or other vigorous events are unlikely to make you vulnerable to colds afterward, according to a myth-busting review of the latest science.
Hospitals lure diabetes patients with self-management classes, but the education can come with a high price tag.
We asked readers to tell us which perspectives are underrepresented in the national media — and which should remain that way.
The submarine creator had admitted to dismembering the Swedish journalist and to discarding her body. He was sentenced to life in prison, the maximum possible.
Adam G. Perl works them all.
A 19th-century cottage in East Hampton, a Tudor-style home in Altadena and an 1871 house in Savannah.
Wednesday: Digging for heirlooms in Montecito, Devin Nunes, Bay Area home prices soar further, California coffers are bursting, and finally, finding a buried portrait.
On the French Riviera, where the luxury market is rebounding, prices increased an average of 4.5 percent in the last year.
The soprano, 33, once thought people were crazy for thinking she should sing Donizetti’s crazed heroine. Now she’s doing it at the Met Opera.
Ms. Wolf, a comedian from the world of late-night TV, is honing her set for the White House Correspondents’ dinner and preparing a new Netflix series.
A confrontation caught on video at a Pennsylvania golf course echoed other recent racially charged incidents involving businesses, black customers and the police.
A walkable place with a reasonable commute to the city, Bergenfield attracts newcomers with its warm, welcoming vibe.
A new memorial and museum in Montgomery, Ala., bring attention to a disturbing chapter of the nation’s history — one that in some ways lives on.
Joseph James DeAngelo, 72, is the suspect in the case of a serial killer and rapist who terrorized communities in California in the 1970s and 1980s.
“Let’s make sure that we keep this confidential,” Roger Goodell said to begin the session. The New York Times obtained an audio recording of the meeting.
A new document shows how Scott Pruitt, the E.P.A. chief, is preparing to answer tough questions about his ethics and spending scandals when he appears before Congress on Thursday.
Ma deserves the best nursing home money can buy. Of course. But is it so wrong to hope there might be a little left over?
Winning the contest could mean a steeper increase in local housing costs over the next decade, a study finds. Nashville is already contemplating the impact.
One day after the two presidents showered each other with praise, the speech illustrated that the warm personal rapport contrasts with sharp disagreement on questions of policy.
New regulations by the sport’s international governing body to address women with high levels of testosterone could keep them out of some races if they don’t take medicine to lower the hormone.
A common refrain among conservatives is that black people should get over it. Even though conservatives refuse to.
Over-the-counter drugs like Advil and Tylenol are safer and more effective than prescription opioids for easing pain following dental procedures.
The Facebook chief executive has vowed to clean up the social network, but his company has failed to stop even those impersonating him from swindling people.
From the first scene, Season 2 of Hulu’s Emmy-winning drama tests the limits of how much suffering its characters, and its audience, can take.
Finding a worthwhile use for a fur coat.
The administration is fine with taking children away from their parents.
An engineer is the latest Hamas figure to be targeted abroad by Israel’s Mossad spy agency, officials say, as another conspiracy plays out in Kuala Lumpur.
The world’s excited to know Mitt Romney’s still around.
Condola Rashad stars in a thoughtful if mostly becalmed Manhattan Theater Club revival of the 1923 play on Broadway.
It’s all about location, location, location with Alex Eaton-Salners.
“My heart yearned to be there, in the boiling caldron of war, to be baptized in its fire and scorched in its lava,” Bochkareva wrote in her 1919 autobiography.
The show crossed several Rubicons this week.
Should dance be an Olympic event?
Her glittery, bawdy feminist work gets likes on Instagram and love at Bergdorf.
What is your opinion on classical music, modern art, theater or opera? Why do you feel the way you do?
Moves in global bond markets over the last few months suggest changing expectations about prices.
In the design-savvy, food-obsessed Danish capital, the only problem for travelers is keeping up with all that is new.
The walkouts are the latest surge of a protest movement that has already swept through West Virginia, Oklahoma and Kentucky.
Many Americans are just beginning to climb out of the Great Recession, yet policymakers are debating whether the economy is on the cusp of overheating.
The 10-episode series “Cobra Kai,” debuting May 2 on YouTube Red, picks up the “Karate Kid” story more than three decades later. The grudges remain.
We’ve collected the highlights from what turned out to be a daylong grilling over allegations of ethical infractions and lavish spending by the E.P.A. head.
The drugs don’t work against every cancer — but on rare occasions, they work miracles.
President Daniel Ortega, once a revolutionary hero, faces Nicaragua’s biggest uprising in decades as protesters pry themselves free from his control.
The battle between the White House and blue states raises questions about the limits of federal authority.
President Trump has overturned the Republican establishment, but at what cost?
The two Republican presidents are a study in contrasts, each with a profound effect on our country.
For people who are not gender conforming, traditional parent names may not fit. Some are trying mash-ups like “Mather” or “Maddie.”
Thursday: Local trials to watch, idyllic spring weather, and a new side to Prospect Park.
Accusations leveled against Dr. Ronny L. Jackson’s time leading the White House medical staff led lawmakers to have concerns over his nomination.
Thursday: The authorities say they’ve caught the Golden State Killer, a judge rules in favor of DACA, and an “experience” that pays homage to avocados.
This week’s properties are in Central Harlem and Kips Bay.
This week’s properties are in Huntington, N.Y., New Rochelle, N.Y., and Westport, Conn.
Millennials dominated the home-buying market in the last year, and unmarried women out-bought unmarried men across all generations.
Designers are redefining terraces; instead of plain rectangles tacked onto the sides of buildings, they’re becoming more like outdoor rooms.
In contrast to the pomp lavished on the French president, the German chancellor will be given a working lunch and is expected to be all business.
In an interview on “Fox & Friends,” the president said that the investigation of his lawyer, Michael Cohen, was about Mr. Cohen’s personal business dealings.
Salinity is not a quality that often comes to mind about wine, but quite a few whites show off herbal, spicy, mineral flavors rather than fruit.
This ancient grape from Campania has been resurrected in recent decades. It is now considered one of Italy’s best white grapes.
At Luda’s Dumplings in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, the pelmeni are made with thoughtfully chosen ingredients and cooked to order, then glossed with drops of clarified butter.
The generic ballot, the president’s approval rating, recent special elections and a seat-by-seat look all point to a modest edge for Democrats. 
Investigators used DNA from crime scenes and plugged that genetic profile into an online genealogy database, tracing DNA to the suspect, Joseph James DeAngelo.
How did Zedd, Maren Morris and a 23-year-old songwriter turn a few chords into an enormous hit?
Trump’s ability to project the petrifying fear young white men feel is a large part of the reason he is president today.
Siberian truck drivers, who haul heavy loads on winter roads made of ice that melts earlier every year, are true believers in climate change.
Little tykes are hoisting barbells, sometimes heavier than their own body weight.
After the Senate voted to confirm Mike Pompeo to be the nation’s 70th secretary of state, he turned to urgent problems around the world.
At the Re Store, the continental roll has been a community staple for more than 50 years.
An outdoor squash court appears on the Lower East Side — no pedigree required. (And you can borrow a racket, too.)
Scientists have fiercely debated the origins of the orb-style web. A new study challenges the idea that all spiders who make this web had a common ancestor.
A jury in Pennsylvania voted to convict Mr. Cosby of sexually assaulting a former Temple University staff member who had looked up to him as a mentor.
The best teenage comments from last week’s writing prompts, and an invitation to join the conversation this week.
Courts have barred the parents of the baby from seeking more medical care, calling it contrary to his interests. The Vatican, Poland and Italy have weighed in.
Barbara S. Jones will oversee a review determining whether anything seized from Mr. Cohen by the F.B.I. is protected by attorney-client privilege.
How many more women are we going to allow to die like this?
Before hashtags and callouts, there was just one public space where women could go to air their grievances: advice columns.
A meeting between Mr. Kim, North Korea’s leader, and President Moon Jae-in of South Korea seemed unthinkable just a few months ago.
Women who drank more than two to three cups of coffee a day were more likely to have obese children.
In her new book, Melissa Broder manages to knead together the genres of magical realism — a merman presumed to be real — and erotic literature.
Mr. Cosby has not said much about the sexual assault allegations against him, but on Thursday he erupted with a vulgarity aimed at the prosecutor.
His feet hurt, but his advice was sound.
Cosby’s persistent pathology was unusual. The fears of his victims, that the man who abused them was too powerful to face consequences, are not.
The cruelty of these cuts isn’t a bug, it’s a feature.
The E.P.A. chief said that decisions regarding illegal actions by his office had been made by his staff members without his knowledge.
For decades, those who survived the killer’s attacks or saw loved ones murdered suffered alone. But they bonded together in recent years and celebrated the arrest of a suspect this week.
The guilty verdict against Bill Cosby reflects a new understanding of sexual assault and, finally, some change in how victims are treated.
George C. Wolfe’s entertaining production allows the large ensemble, including Mr. Washington, to charm one another and play to the crowd.
Proximity to President Trump has been a crushing experience for many who arrived with stellar careers and independent reputations yet ended up losing so much.
Mr. Cosby’s signature TV character was a patient, wise father figure. In other words, our critic writes, the ideal cover for terrible behavior.
The resignation of the Rev. Patrick J. Conroy, which was requested by Speaker Paul D. Ryan, has lawmakers from both parties demanding answers.
David Steinberg starts today’s puzzle off with an act of cruciverbal derring-do.
In true “blood is thicker than water” spirit, Al gives his cousin one last chance to prove his chops as a manager. It doesn’t go well.
This week RuPaul proclaimed that “to separate the pros from the cons,” the queens needed to concentrate on branding themselves.
The photo-taking crowds that surround Leonardo da Vinci’s masterpiece at the Louvre exemplify how the digital generation experiences artworks.
It was the stagecraft of Friday’s meeting that offered hope, when statecraft delivered only vague pledges to work toward a peace treaty.
What site acts as the gathering place and melting pot in your neighborhood?
Kim Jong-un of North Korea and Moon Jae-in of the South agreed to work to formally end the Korean War and rid the peninsula of nuclear weapons.
President Trump told “Fox and Friends” he had gotten his wife “a beautiful card.” Mr. Noah was incredulous.
What does Yehimi Cambron mean when she says: “Even if there are small victories, people are now in survival mode. We can’t continue living this way?”
Co-op living can be filled with strife and disagreement, leading to lawsuits, but can individual board members be held liable?
An effort to install central air-conditioning in a prewar co-op so deeply divides the residents that a board president is forced to step down.
What kinds of beliefs, traits, interests and dislikes do you share with them — if any at all?
Giving up on training for a marathon was very much in keeping with the rest of my life right now, as I am learning the lost art of quitting.
Robert Moore posed as a documentary filmmaker to monitor activists for a K2 Intelligence client. He contends he switched sides. Now he’s being sued. His unusual case offers a peek into a growing industry.
Living in a co-op has its pros and cons, but when it comes to a big building project, a co-op can turn into an un-co-op — as in uncooperative.
The figure falls short of President Trump’s goal of at least 3 percent. But most forecasters expect a stronger pace for the rest of the year.
Weeks after Jennifer Hart drunkenly drove a sport utility vehicle off a cliff, killing her wife and their children, newly released documents detail disturbing allegations of neglect.
In a year that tested her maternal strength, the artist says her children Lena and Grace Dunham led her to a creative breakthrough using portraiture.
What’s behind the claims that alkaline water will “energize” and “detoxify” the body and lead to “superior hydration”?
Macron pushes Trump out of his comfort zone. He’s a counterweight to folly.
Thanks to right-wing policies, red state educators have nothing left to lose.
If you were to go into a lab and create a perfect candidate for 2020, it would be a big-hearted progressive whose appeal crossed class lines.
Bill Cosby has been convicted of sexual assault after years of accusations against him. What changed after his first trial, which ended in a hung jury?
A few brushes with mortality helped reset my lifelong rivalry with my brother.
Friday: The story of the structure in Washington Square Park, your weekend lineup, and a new chapter for Gothamist.
Newly released emails have renewed questions about who the lawyer, Natalia V. Veselnitskaya, was representing when she met with top Trump campaign officials promising dirt on Hillary Clinton.
Men felled by #MeToo are going to stage comebacks. So it’s time to talk about what it looks like when they do.
President Trump called James Comey “either very sick or very dumb,” saying his fired F.B.I. chief did not understand the severity of what the president called a leak of classified information.
Smart-house technology has made it easier to turn on the lights and set the thermostat, but sometimes objects go rogue.
Friday: Days after an arrest, victims are speaking out, hundreds of migrants prepare for border crossing, and a trip to Dodgers Stadium by gondola.
The player your team took is great. Or maybe he isn’t.
The committee’s investigation devolved into partisan bickering as Democrats accused the Republicans leading the panel of ignoring crucial evidence and obvious leads.
We need a Financial Bill of Rights to protect consumers of health care from unfair charges.
This weeknight chicken with pungent ginger-scallion sauce has a twist in its technique.
As with a circus performance, it’s amazing to behold but not quite as billed.
After hundreds of Palestinian protesters attacked the fence between Israel and Gaza, Israeli troops opened fire, killing four and wounding hundreds.
This Italian egg dish makes a nice light meal — unless you decide to adorn it with creamy cheese.
A deal would create the third-largest wireless company in the United States, behind AT&T and Verizon.
In advance of “Avengers: Infinity War,” superfans come together for an epic shared experience in a Times Square multiplex.
Senate Democrats and watchdog agencies question the use of a statute to authorize paying Dr. Robert R. Redfield nearly twice as much as his predecessor.
New York City doesn’t consistently track sexual harassment complaints across its 361,000-person work force.
University students and young professionals have pulled off a feat few in Nicaragua thought possible: Their protests have loosened President Daniel Ortega’s grip on power.
The scandal began with a routine traffic stop and soon ensnared police officers, a union official, a hedge fund mogul, machers of Orthodox Brooklyn — even City Hall.
It’s the old game of cheat and repeat.
Be careful when you talk to God about taxes.
Andrew Kingsley and John Lieb channel the zeitgeist for us.
G.O.P. leaders and White House aides are trying to prepare the president for trouble in House and Senate races. But he is rejecting their grim prognoses and wants to start campaigning.
How a serial rapist and murderer in California flaunted his power as well as his belief that he could elude accountability forever. He was wrong.
Lots of Love, Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon.
Complaints about bad behavior by men and a lack of advancement for women long went ignored, employees said, but now change seems to be afoot.
As he remakes the church in his image, Francis finds himself more isolated, as global political trends shift and he meets resistance to his reforms.
Even when they know the claims are false, they can imagine how they could have been true.
Let’s ponder two unimaginable but not impossible things: Trump winning the Nobel Peace Prize and a second term.
Your departure right now from the Supreme Court would have dire consequences for the country.
Why decent societies let families defy the system to take care of their own.
Money would make me powerful, someone nobody could hurt.
An all-star Broadway revival raises the question: Does being gay mean anything anymore?
How do you brief a president who doesn’t distinguish between truth and lies?
It didn’t make sense to sign up for debt. I did it anyway.
Peter Wentz’s puzzle is in the home run department.
South Korean officials said the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, had told them he would abandon his nuclear weapons if Washington ended the Korean War and promised nonaggression.
Recent residential sales in New York City and the region
Remarks about Sarah Huckabee Sanders opened a partisan divide in an awkward evening of comedy and politics.
The two companies are betting that regulators will finally allow the American wireless market to shrink to just three national players.
Recycled bridge parts will go to a New York State artificial reef program to increase marine life and support recreation and economic development on Long Island.
Hundreds of migrants who have traveled en masse through Mexico, drawing a furious response from President Trump, prepared to apply for asylum.
Days before Trump tariffs on steel and aluminum take effect, negotiators for producing countries see themselves at the mercy of the president’s whims.
In the Boyle Heights neighborhood, a design intervention led by residents and activists unveils a “playground in a box” to reclaim streets for public life.
Amazon has surprised officials in cities vying for the company’s new headquarters by asking how to avoid soaring housing costs and paralyzing traffic.
The state’s Democratic primary raises the question: Who has the truest claim to progressivism in 2018, when both candidates can credibly grab at the label?
Bruce Haight folds his laundry.
Ordering one thing and getting another.
Maybe last fall’s Alabama Senate race wasn’t a fluke after all.
Hope is a scarce commodity in Gaza, which is little more than an open-air prison. A look at how one man ended up at the bloody protests against Israel.
The modern rule of law is younger than many realize, and not enough Republicans are defending it today.
Generals and researchers provide growing evidence that the administration’s claims about transgender troops are false.
Hank Azaria said he’s willing to step away from the character he has voiced for nearly 30 years. The show’s writers and network executives should let him.
The violent end of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, an unexpected turn of events after he gave up his nuclear program, is likely to serve as a cautionary tale for Kim Jong-un.
Efforts to curb gun violence have stalled in part because of the power of the N.R.A. The movement inspired by shootings in Parkland, Fla., aims to change that.
This week, the series shed the video game analogy and morphed into an ingenious allegory for the internet.
Axe and Wags have a Last Supper of sorts. Yes, it is absolutely as weird and profane as you might expect.
Getty Sr. finds himself uncharacteristically shaken, his business sense having seemingly misled him. The consequences appear very, very dire.
New guidelines, including a requirement that airlines make sure gates are free before sending planes to the airport, are expected to be announced Monday.
Every year, through careless management or reckless ambition, a handful of soccer clubs drift uncomfortably close to collapse. In February, Denmark’s Lyngby B.K. came closer than most.
A blast on a street full of state and diplomatic offices was followed by another 40 minutes later; at least 25 were killed, including nine journalists.
After the death of his parents, Chanho Park was left bereft. He started taking photographs and felt himself drawn to traditional Korean funerals and religious rites.
“Hey Ladies” charts a year of correspondence between eight women as they plan for a wedding, and everything a wedding requires.
A way to protect property owners from personal liability has also turned out to be handy for enabling problematic behavior, like laundering money or being a bad landlord.
Research shows a correlation between greater academic demands and a reduction in drinking, smoking and drug use. 
“We’ve all gotten a thousand phone calls from lawyers,” said one Las Vegas shooting survivor.
Look closely at this image, stripped of its caption, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Social justice movements like Black Lives Matter and #MeToo embody his critical spirit.
The Toronto van attacker was probably familiar with the Islamic State’s vehicle rampages. But did he know what else he shared with the group?
Getting their choices on end-of-life care recorded can help patients feel secure that their wishes will be respected, experts say.
Monday: On patrol with undercover Sanitation Department agents, a sunny day and warm weather resentment.
There are mornings I wake up and think, as the world and the day come into focus, that I no longer have a parent living.
The new American secretary of state said Israelis “have the right to defend themselves” and declined to fully back the two-state solution.
And if so, do you find your behavior to be beneficial or detrimental?
What did it take for North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program?
Beijing sees its economy as robust enough to defy U.S. tariff threats, potentially leaving Washington with no choice but to escalate or back down.
With the U.S. and China vying for tech leadership, the two companies argue their union is crucial in the race to develop faster mobile internet.
Citing state laws, assisted living facilities often turn away residents in wheelchairs. A lawsuit in New York seeks to end the practice.
A city known for its barbecue and Tex-Mex cooking has spawned an accomplished roster of Japanese restaurants.
Kew Gardens in Queens is known as “Crew Gardens” for its popularity with airline crew members who work at the two nearby airports.
Life may be short, but intellectual property is eternal.
These newly popular long-aged spirits come with a lot of hype and hefty prices, but some are worth the expense.
Shah Marai was Agence France-Presse’s chief photographer in Kabul. He supported five blind relatives as he focused his camera on the human suffering around him.
Help for parents bewildered by the sense that the game has swallowed their children, especially since the mobile phone version was released in late March.
The two wireless carriers argue that a merger would benefit customers, but analysts, and our columnist, are skeptical about the deal’s chances
Plato and existentialism helped more than courses in economics.
The abductions of three people by armed men in uniforms in 2009 have led an international court to examine accusations of human rights violations by government forces.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cited no evidence that Iran violated the nuclear deal, but the accusation may bolster the case for President Trump to pull out.
Analysts are still waiting for hard evidence that the new tax law is setting off the investment explosion that President Trump and Republicans promised.
Other routes are brutish, beastly, but this one’s regal, pure and priestly.
The newest mission to Mars is to launch on Saturday morning. It will search for marsquakes and try to produce a map of the planet’s insides.
Workers won’t see significant gains soon, if ever.
Border officials had said they lacked capacity to process any of the 200 asylum seekers, but late Monday they allowed eight people to file claims.
A village-size compound called Cometa helps children and the surrounding community.
The wireless companies are trying to win over regulators with a laundry list of assurances. The regulators should be wary.
As Facebook prepares to hold its annual developer conference this week, many businesses are objecting to how the company has limited their access to its users’ information.
House Republicans try to cover up evidence of collusion.
Matt and Mercedes Schlapp, conservatives who scrambled aboard the Trump juggernaut, have made money, lost friends and become a symbol of the deep divide in the G.O.P.
President Trump will give Canada, Mexico and the European Union another 30-day reprieve from steel and aluminum tariffs, delaying punishing levies on key allies.
The administration, fearing Chinese technological dominance, is considering tighter restrictions on Chinese researchers in the United States as a trade fight escalates.
Mr. Silver, the once powerful Assembly speaker in New York, is being retried on public corruption charges, after an early conviction was overturned.
The state’s highest court made it much harder for companies like Uber to classify workers as contractors rather than employees.
An Australian court has ruled that the cardinal, the Vatican’s No. 3 official, can be prosecuted, but the most serious charges were dismissed.
The questions show the special counsel’s focus on obstruction of justice and touch on some surprising other areas.
The questions provide the most detailed look yet at the special counsel investigation and show an effort to learn about the president’s thinking.
Jacob Stulberg points out the speed bumps in his puzzle.
Flyball, in which four-dog teams compete in a choreographed relay race, is a weekend ritual for many, as sacrosanct as youth soccer or bowling for others.
From the bones of 15th-century monarchs, to Neanderthals mingling with modern humans, to speculative tales of African elephants: stories to transport you back to the beginning.
Several states and cities have ordered employers to stop asking about salary history. 
The beginning, middle and end of a picture book friendship.
The former N.S.A. and C.I.A. chief on Trump, Snowden and what makes people leak secrets.
In “Something Wonderful,” Todd S. Purdum analyzes the extraordinary legacy of two brilliant songwriters.
A pair of two-part productions, “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child” and the revival of “Angels in America,” were also showered with affection.